 I close my eyes, and let the demons in To clear my mind from the things that I have seen On my knees, Father - please leave the crowd And let me out I lost my way so many times before That I forgot just what I'm living for I'm in the dark, light's so hard to find... So now I'm leaving it all behind - I'm changing skin My angry tears like raindrops in the dust I realized there's no one you can trust Shot in the back sinking in the night That's how I'm leaving it all behind - I'm changing skin I told you once, I told you twice That you can't live on compromise - but you won't listen Another time, another place It's like a neverending race and there's no reason To waste your life away in one single day Bridges are burning and chances are few Man with the scythe - he is coming for you Stage is the same but some faces are new Why can't you see that it's over? I pulled you up, you let me down I'm sick of dragging you around - it feels like forever I'm going left, you're going right Out of my life, out of my sight - it's now or never Go waste your life away in one single day Bridges are burning and chances are few Man with the scythe - he is pointing at you Stage is the same but some faces are new Why can't you see that it's over? Bridges are burning and chances are few Listen, I'm trying to tell you that Time's running out, God, but we never knew Night's getting cold and your story is old - it's been told I let you in, I turned you loose I gave you lot's of time to choose to change the story You are the snake around my hand The one who used to be my friend - and now you're sorry I've suffered all the way - you will today Go, waste your life away in one single day Bridges are burning and chances are few Man with the scythe - he is coming for you Stage is the same but some faces are new Why can't you see that it's over? Bridges are burning and chances are few Waiting is over and this is your cue Time's running out, God, but you never knew Listen, I'm trying to tell you The echo of "goodbye" got poisoned by the lie: "I'll never let you go" The shadow of your smile is gone, I wonder why But now I'll never know Let the river flow to the place where sorrow grows No, I just can't let you go! 1000 miles away - can you hear me calling when I see you cry 1000 miles away - wasted days are passing by You're 1000 miles away Another day, another place, another scar across my face At least it's something new You've disappeared - I'm left behind, about to lose my mind I had my faith in you Let the river flow to the place which I will never know No, I just can't let you go 1000 miles away - can you hear me calling when I see you cry 1000 miles away - wasted days are passing by 1000 miles away - while the sun is shining river's running dry 1000 miles away - I never cared to say goodbye You can break my heart, you can rape my soul Tear my life apart, push me until I'll fall Step by step, day by day, now it's time to break away Never look back - while you can hear my call Never look back - until the final curtain'll fall Never look back - now you can leave it all Never look back - just leave and never come back You can tell me lies, you can waste my "bread" Only in my eyes you're as good a dead Tear by tear, laugh by laugh, now I think I've had enough How can I tell what's on my mind right now, while you're leaving If I could catch you final breath and never stop believing If I could pray this pain away... You're in my arms - if I could wish you back You're in my arms - my world is turning black You're in my arms - just let me take your pain You're in my arms - I'm crying out your name I saw that fear behind your stare, that hope to see tomorrow It breaks my heart 'cos now you're gone - I wish that I could follow And make you stay just one more day I'm going down, someone please help me Out of this world - nobody hears me I close my eyes praying for you But nobody cares even when I do Scream my head off and cry my wounded heart out Who gives a damn about one voice in the crown I'll give everything, even those very few Days of my life which I have left - to you I'm walking the streets of blooming despair and regret Kid in the alley is pressing the gun to his head Is he right, is he wrong, is he weak, is he strong Was he fighting alone - on his own? Rain's falling down and I pray - take all his pain and his sorrow I wish he could leave it today under the wings of tomorrow Rain's falling down and I pray - show my the way and I'll follow Take me and fly me away on the wings of tomorrow I'm closing the door to the room full of sorrow and rage Girl in the window in tears sliding over the edge Is she right, is she wrong, is she weak, is she strong Was she fighting alone - on her own? Rain's falling down and I pray - take all her pain and her sorrow I wish she could leave it today under the wings of tomorrow Rain's falling down and I pray - show me the way and I'll follow Take my and fly my away on the wings of tomorrow Am I right, am I wrong, am I weak, am I strong Am I fighting alone - on my own? Rain's falling down and I pray - take all my pain and my sorrow I wish I could leave it today under the wings of tomorrow Rain's falling down and I pray - show me the way and I'll follow Take me and fly me away on the wings of tomorrow I've been up, I've been down Bigger stuff couln't kick me around So you can drop your illusions and hopes About making me cold I've been low, I've been high Tell me, while I was learning to fly Were you feeding your bitch with the gold paid For your friends whom you sold? Can't you understand? I watch your bridges burning Snake around my hand just bit again I'm your smile and I'm your tear I'm your pleasure, I'm your fear When you're down on the floor I'm your master, I'm your slave I'm the one who you've betrayed Nothing is real and it never will be like before I'm your freedom, I'm your drug I'm your shadow in the dark Nowhere to hide or to run anymore I'm your shame and I'm your pride Now I'm leaving you behind Waiting for my pain to knock on your door You can roll, you can crowl I think Biff's kind of said it all "You're getting rid of the deadly desease By cutting it right out" I guess you make your point Selling friends for the shiny coin You can cheat, you can lie - can you die And make your maker proud? How can I tell what's on my mind right now, while you'releaving If I could catch you final breath and never stop believing If I could pray this pain away... You're in my arms - if I could wish you back You're in my arms - my world is turning black You're in my arms - just let me take your pain You're in my arms - I'm crying out your name I saw that fear behind your stare, that hope to see tomorrow It breaks my heart 'cos now you're gone - I wish that I couldfollow And make you stay just one more day A black cat moans When he's burning with the fever A stray dog howls When he's lonely in the night A woman goes crazy With the thought of retribution But a man starts weeping Whe he's sick and tired of life I keep on dreaming dreams of tomorrow Feel I'm wasting my time Lighting candles in the wind Always taking my chances On the promise of the future But a heart full of sorrow Paints a lonely tapestry The sun is shining But it's raining in my heart No one understands the heartache No one feels the pain 'Cos no one ever sees the tears When you're crying in the rain I can never deny All the sweet things I have tasted Tho' I've been mistreated I keep coming back for more I know where I'm going There's no hope of absolution I can't seem to separate The good times from the bad Lineup: Kenny Luebcke - lead and backing vocals Henrik Brockmann - backing vocals Andre Andersen - keyboards, bass, acoustic and electric guitars Bjarke Hopen - guitar Jacob Kjaer - guitar Mark Guanaa - guitar Kaj Laege - drums Allan Sorensen - drums Kenneth Olsen - drums  I'm heading back from years of repressing the thought How was I wrong pretending to be who I'm not Feels like being alone too long, Chasing dreams on my own - I'm coming home This time around it's perfectly clear in my mind Along the way -I know what to lose, what to find Being stranded and lost too long, Now I'm moving along - I'm coming home Can't figure out the stuff you're telling me. Whatever, I don't care Is it another way of showing me what hides behind your stare? Whatever drives you -I don't wanna know, I saw it all before I'm moving up and leaving you below, so keep your stupid war No one remembers when it's all begun, but I won't rack my brain To understand why every bit of fun you're turning into pain - I don't know. No matter what you want - I'm checking out, ain't coming back again I wish you luck - without me around, I got a better plan Tell me why can't I settle for less, Tell me why am I running ahead of the rest Tell me why all this hell of a mess, Tell me why can't I settle for a little bit less? Cold. The night is crawling, surrounding every corner of our lives Wait - somebody's waiting for you to close your eyes... Sleep. Whole world's asleep. I hear the darkness rising from the deep Deep, a lake so deep, reflecting every star you've ever seen. Time flies. Better open up your eyes - you're living in the desperate times Pain. I'm used to pain, it leads me through the neverending rain Rain, that heartless rain won't wash my sins and helpless tears away But I know - now it's time to hold the line 'Coz I'll live, yes I'll live I'll cross the sea of madness on the wave of disbelief Countless miles through the lies A wind of change will take me far away from our desperate times, Those lonely times Gone. Forever gone my sense of time, I've lost it on the run Run, I've always run from everything I've seen an' done But now... Now it's time to draw the line, time to hold the line 'Coz I'll live, yes I'll live I'll cross the sea of madness on the wave of disbelief Countless miles through the lies A wind of change will take me far away from our desperate days Faceless days, lonely days Keep pushing me around and leaving scars across my face In my eyes our live's a neverending struggle to escape From our desperate times. Years of rejections and years of regrets, years of unbearable guilt, Years of creating a dream life could never fulfill Days of forgiveness and days of no trust toss me around like a toy Days which will make me forget even seconds of joy While pain is cutting like a knife I'm trying hard to reinvent My life - all my life Left in a cell with a window so small - barely feeling the sun Sneaking the light on my skin. But my struggle's begun. Pushing aside every shadow of fear, lifting myself from the ground, Throwing the glove in the face of what's holding me down While pain is working with it's knife I'm trying hard to reinvent The rest - the bits and pieces of my life. Sorrow, you are my friend on a day like this I hope tomorrow will never come to see my tears I feel the heat's getting closer to me Shadows are getting darker in my hands The sun Is fighting to find a brighter shade of gray, But I'm a man with a mission tonight I'm painting black on black all over the world All my future, all your past I'm fighting colors with a brush as my sword Through every single day until my last I'm changing seasons to the state of my soul - Now you see them, now they're gone I'm painting black on black all over the world Znd I won't stop until my work is done. Wall of fear surrounds you every night, while you're asleep Pain within won't let you go, won't let you take a deep breath It's everything - a shelter in your heart, Last resort of sanity before it falls apart Leave all your fears, let them rule on the island of tears Who'll make you stay if you feel like today is the day To sail away Rise above your nightmare. You've been down, now make it pay Step on every piece and let It bleed - now turn away. Everyday, all night long I keep on wondering 'bout what went wrong Was I blessed, was I cursed? It doesn't matter, but what made it burst? Whatever put me down - It hit me hard, you know, so hard It took my breath away and now it broke my heart Tell me what turns you on, what makes you drill my every single bone? Now you win, an' I lost. I waste my time around this evil ghost Whatever gets you high - it's tearing me apart so hard But I don't wanna know what made you break my heart Now I'm turning away. In die end of the day As I'm looking behind, pass the enemy line While the smoke disappears - you're alone with your tears, And a new day's begun, but there's nowhere to run All your fences are up as they were from the start, So while I'm moving away, there's only one thing to say: Doesn't matter who's fault - if you're still standing tall Or you're falling apart - you can keep a little piece of my heart.  A brand new day at last is born The first wave breaks on the shore The sun's shining bright Across the centuries of pain My heart is rising again Did you hear all my cries? I'm on the edge to turn away I can't explain But I don't want to be alone It's in the air,it's in my face,it's everywhere I'd like to know how to carry on... I ask myself in the end: _Was everybody just lying Right from the start? And if you're longing to be free You better think of a way To find some love in your heart I'm on the edge to turn away I can't explain But I don't want to be alone It's in the air,it's in my face,it's everywhere And now I know how to carry on! I'm falling with the rain I'll meet you once again, Set me free! I'm flying to ever more But I won't fly alone Can't you feel me letting go? A moment like a million more, Let me hold it for a while! Just strangers now or have we met before? I's up to you to treat me well Or throw me on the floor There's a reason why we live and die In the end only our footprints stay behind... There's a time for love,a time for pain Have you seen how pictures melt down With the sky? Letting go,letting go... Sometimes the Universe Fits inside my world There's nowhere else to be And no place to return The power in my hands Let law be made by force At times my conscience speaks But now it's more and more The day I'm waiting for... ...Is in the air I breathe Fine and strong and pure, Out in the sea beneath, The mountains and the shore Inside this picture A city made by God Irrational progress But now it's more and more Today the skies are blue I hold the sun tight in my arms... Rio,falling apart Someday I will die for you Never,never give it up One day I will die for you In your arms! I see my universe Grow larger than before Maybe it's just because Nobody cared to shut the door! I'm locked inside your arms, The key is in my soul There is no true scape So here's where I belong I look around and see A city made by God I used to be free But now I am no more! Together we are strong Let's make the future Built on dreams!! Rio falling apart (...) To play with desire Is playing with fire Right from the start! I see the future coming I'll tell you what's to be A life turns into another But no more I can't see And I hold your hand You said you'd never leave him But now you let him go Someday he will forgive you And stop to suffer so A storm arrives with thunders The end arrived with smiles A life inside another Has made its ways through cries And I hold your hand Yes, I hold your hand... Some days we're covered up in sorrow But still we're standing here Sometimes this life's too short to understand Someone, oh, please just let me borrow A little courage for my fears at night... Don't drift into a state of sadness Making something never seen Look under every stone along the way Whatever happens, use your power, Don't surrender to your fears at night... So, turn around, Keep on moving now Hitting every single road Just keeping on running on and on and on... Running on and on we face our fears I remember why And though the dangers run so near, A rainbow fills the sky The freedom lies over our heads We must live before we die Believe me, I remember why! There's a way To melt down your frozen heart Just keep on living Cause inside, your will Never dies! Oh, no! I'm just trying to find me I'm just trying to find me You said I'm too proud to regret it You never saw how hard it was for me To take control of my own emotions To find a way to set myself free So am I fine to play the role Of someone long forgotten soul But what is obvious is that you're so trapped Inside your own world Some days I wonder if I could Be another kind of person,find another truth I know these words all too well: By yourself no one else,never break the spell! How long? How long will we hide what's going on? How long will we stand alone? To see Whatever lays inside of you and me It just needs to be unleashed away! I said now I want to forget it So many tears have rolled down in vain And in the end it's just the same 'Cos I know it will never change I think I never satisfied you Did you find it somewhere else? No regrets,just keep on moving You better trust yourself! Someday I wonder if I could (...) I'm just trying to find me... I'm just trying to find me... I thought you'd last forever But like a star,you never would A stairway on the rainbow I wish that I knew Your silhouette surrounds me I miss the way things used to be Your voice floats in the wind How I wish you were here... Solitude is taking over! By the way, So many things I kept from you till now Stand by me, Reach out for my hand and I will follow! Beyond this time I'm living now, I'm ever looking back at you And when it rains upon the green fields, I'll be thinking about you.. Remember how it feels now You taught me freedom with few words The beauty of this world was All pointed by you Solitude is taking over! By the way, So many things I kept from you till now Stand by me, Reach out for my hand and I will follow! Beyond this time I'm leaving now I'm ever looking back at you And when it rains upon the green fields, I'll be thinking about you... Beyond this time (...) I knew one day you had to leave me Still I'll walk on with you... I decided to come here To tell you what I never could! In the end we're not the same, I'm tired of being misunderstood All I need is to break free Like my spirit used to be Too many nights I thought of you But now there's nothing I can do... Forgive me but I'll say the truth: It's time to face the end! What goes around Comes around back to you, Forgive me but I'll say the truth... See the scars deep in your face, Feel the thorns around your heart All that's gone now stays behind, There's no need to fall apart All I want is to run free With no shadows over me So far away Though standing near I know these words are hard to hear! Forgive me but I'll say the truth: It's time to free the end! What goes around Comes around straight to you, Forgive me but I'll say the truth... Would you pledge absolution to me now? Will you throw away your armour? Or will it go on and on with you? Forgive me but I'll say the truth... Forgive me but I'll say it There's nothing left to stop me Forgive me but I'm over you! Falling drops against the window I took a while to feel awake Moving clouds is this dream never end Memories haunt me again Hear a voice It sounds like water Visions make me slip away All around,the forest growls While the whispers fill my head Falling down into a stream of ages Visions make me slip away That every day, I realized the fire burning Out,as far as I could see I feel into a silent morning It's hard to tell,but I say: Whatever it was,it makes me fear Invisible for the rest But I recall it all so clear These times of joy,these times of wonder Like a lost edge inside our dreams It makes me wonder: What is life,what does it mean? Rise again, For your fate will always follow you No more cries,no hurt and pain See the future like never before Undress your sorrow Leave the past all behind Time to be free! Falling drops against the window I took a while to feel awake Moving clouds is this dream never ends... Sounds,they pierce through like an arrow Hear my voice,it beats like rain Memories,I'll carry them away... These times of joy,these time of wonder (...) Time to be free,give me time to be free... I need some time to be free What if you could unlock your dreams? Could you perceive what they mean? The nights are clear,the days so dark But there's a way out there... Whatever comes into your mind May be the answers trapped inside You feel a cold cut through your veins But there's a way out there... Alone you go into the darkness You feel the fear of someone else A broken picture from the past The feeling traces in your hands But there's a way out there... Alone you go into the darkness What you're searching for... Struggling for your sanity Is knocking at your door... Dream inside reality! The more you will find, The less you will get... Last tears never cried Will drown you in the end You've got nowhere to hide You've got nothing to give Who'll rescue now you will to live? Along your life you never felt on inch of pain Because you never realized you're still the same! You ask me why but I'm afraid to let you know I was your pride that made you fall so far below... What you're searching for (...) "The more I could find The less I could get Tears never cried Drowned me in the end I spread nothing but lies I had no love to give Who'll rescue my will to live?" Life storm broke my anchors And like a wreek I've been Sea and sky were just one darkness Such a brilliant radiance...You came! I'm alive,I'm alive... Just by the light from your eyes! Life storm freed my anchors Many shores,I've seen Sea and sky,they gave me shelter Now we only meet in dreams I'm alive,I'm alive... Just by the light from your eyes! And I need you to be Like the haven that I seek But clouds showed me and I saw! You were just the moonlight... And the moon belong...To no one! Suddenly,I stare and see The light in you still shines on me Pouring down,endlessly... The aftermath of disaster Strikes down to the earth Time is life's destroyer A transitional mixing Commercing us all As we split forever in two And the wheels keep turning... Suspended in time As you glide through the air See your body below you Feelings no longer hurt, No more fears within Let me fly together with you And the wheels keep turning... Stand forever in the rain Watch the sun Break through the sky If this world has let you down Take a leap to higher ground Cause your heart will never die! Conscience wakes to remind you The rule of the game There's no turning back now You'll became someone else You perceptions will change Let me change forever with you And the wheels keep turning... Stand forever in the rain (...) These nights of thunder Won't come back Just disappeared These nights of thunder,so dark Mode visions become clear! Endeavour always Leads so far Beyond the scene Endeavour always sows love... The struggle ends up here! Here we stand Worlds apart, hearts broken in two, two, two Sleepless nights Losing ground I'm reaching for you, you, you Feelin' that it's gone Can change your mind If we can't go on To survive the tide love divides Someday love will find you Break those chains that bind you One night will remind you How we touched And went our separate ways If he ever hurts you True love won't desert you You know I still love you Though we touched And went our separate ways Troubled times Caught between confusions and pain, pain, pain Distant eyes Promises we made were in vain, in vain, in vain If you must go, I wish you love You'll never walk alone Take care my love Miss you love I still love you girl I really love you girl And if he ever hurts you True love won't desert you No, No  Inspiration Introspection Keep on drilling round and round. Incarnations Circumspection Sending shockwaves through the ground The power got so close to me Changing my dreams and my hopes Time to remember the tide will return Bringing together a storm! Let it come out and I'm leading on Just for a while and the stars will burn! Let it come out and I'm leading on just for one night and the skies will burn Oh they'll burn! Tonight, it descends a new reason That thunders inside us intensely Under the moonlight. It's reaching out And you'll see: You're making a final decision Evoking the might and the fury Drowning together back to Earth's womb... The power got so close to me Changing my dreams and my hopes. Time to remember the tide will return Bringing together a storm! Let it come out and I'm leading on Just for a while and the stars will burn Let it come out and I'm leading on Just for one night and the skies will burn oh they'll burn! And If I tell you that our hearts are free again You'll know I will return When you hide yourself away You know you're pretending When you shed your feelings When you let then down Many times in life we stray We're seeking an exit The solitude is leading to a final call Will you hide in the sea? Will you lay all your sorrow on me? And if I tell you that our minds are free again You'll know I will return So many stars are lightning up along the way You'll know I will return Back forever I remember the first time I dream to be over I believed in demons, I believed in saints Now we see what we became The dream was forever Since we know the path we won't miss match again I will rise from the sea I will take you forever in me And If I tell you that our hearts are free again You'll know I will return So many stars are born each in everyday You know I will return Back forevermore The dream was forever We won't miss match again I will rise from the sea I will take you forever in me And If I tell you that our hearts are free again You'll know I will return So many stars are born each in everyday You know I will return Back forevermore Staring at the audience Your head is a cage Broken thought fly over A familiar stage Gathering the pieces of yourself That you can't live without It's only when you became someone else That you can ease your mind Always Heart full of rancour Has made yourself blue Enlightened by darkness The fear becomes true Kept always pretending That nothing's been done If your burn with fire With fire you'll get burnt! Gathering the pieces of yourself That you can't live without It's only when you become someone else That you can ease your mind Always playing a role! The action was so brilliant The audience applauds! You bend down your head and Deflect any flaws Inside your heart's freezing Your mind is a cell You've swallowed the fire And fire was your spell Gathering the pieces of yourself That you can't live without It's only when you become someone else That you can ease your mind Always playing a role! Ran away, In a fragment of despair From a vicious threat Such a damage to repair Finding the truth Where all have already searched Is the only way To fulfill a soul with lust Lust for revenge In a world full of sins Something we're building now Never figured in dreams Banal intentions Mold a personality needles to mention Madness and insanity Lust for a chance In a world full of wins What are we searching now That belong to our dreams? Shift the night away Shift the night away Nothing else could let us fall We're building up our hopes We're trusting them again And suddenly a sign will be found Shift the night away Shift the night away Nothing else could let us fall We're building up our hopes We're trusting them again And suddenly a sign will be found Make a stand Start all over In your inner core Some day what has caused your suffering Will reset you back for more Shift the night away Shift the night away Nothing else could let us fall We're building up our hopes We're trusting them again And suddenly a sign will be found and suddenly a light has been found! Sometimes you've been searching for a mend Sometimes you keep hoping instead But what you don't see Is the way things turn Just to remember how far you've gone Just to remember how far Hush sweet darling Rest your head Keep on dreaming Beg for more... somedays seem so fearless But too soon they're over It's when all the pain hits back inside You're tied in your ordinary thoughts As time goes by... rest your head Keep on dreaming so All over now Watch overhead Nothing left but Some painfull wounds That won't heal away Till you can touch all the truth Hush sweet darling Raise your head If you think That nothing's over yet Then you need to understand Every tale has an end! All over now Watch overhead Nothing left but Some open wounds That won't heal away Till you can see all the truth All over now Till one day Life smiles back... To you! Transforming what's invisible To controvert the physical A blinding ray across the dark In outerspace A veils of sparks The surging particles align Quantum reaction in the night Converting matter into light Hear an S.O.S Drawn inside the torrent Fear contains a quest Now the unbearable unveils Never think you'd run away or neglect your pain Primal forces spin around Magnitude reveals a plan Anything leads to the edge Have you ever tried? Nothing but a state of mind Just mentalize Just mentalize A magic echoes everyday keeps emanating from the brain Converting matter into light The will prevails over the time Send an S.O.S Drawn inside the torrent faith contains a quest The unbearable unveils Never think you'd run away or neglect your pain Primal forces spin around Magnitude reveals a plan Anything leads to the edge Have you ever tried? Nothing but a state of mind Never think you'd run away or neglect your pain Primal forces spin around Anything leads to the edge Have you ever tried? Drawing near Mentalize! Among the myriad of green another grief has been heard today it flew tearing out again all the way through the landscapes of light 'till the dawning is killing the night And how much time will be left to paint the blue on the firmament and nothing will be changed nothing else will resist without care and the last regret harder to bear Who said you're invincible is not at your side now, not at your side now somedays we're invisible, no one can see us out in the myriad your prayers cannot prevent what's meant to be broken, it's gotta be broken it's not just a miracle consider it a virtue to be caught in the myriad... You made your way to the light and now no reason retrocede but once it starts to burn feels so useless to capture the fire, oh oh and nature is ready for war! awake again it's all inside of you this feeling has to stand the coldest winds that freeze and bind you you're about to see the true face of nature the selfish won't be spared succumb in the end that's all they search for! Who said you're invincible is not at your side now, not at your side now somedays we're invisible, no one can see us out in the myriad your prayers cannot prevent what's meant to be broken, it's gotta be broken it's not just a miracle consider it a virtue to be caught in the myriad... It was a day when the sun cried out it was a moment to burden the doubt whatever lingers will never reveal whatever leftover wishes conceal and it's clear Like the rain:all my fears define who I am and I hear loud and long, everywhere, a mythical song Hung in the sky, a lonely star caught in the twitlight it dances apart stuck at the gates where the dead stepped in a subtle hollow spreads out from within and I see All the way what my eyes could never convey and it's near,closer now everywhere,a mystical sound Oh... let me know don't fly away, I'm here I need to know when will the rain pour down again coming down over us,washing the past with a smile To the top of the hill reach out the sky awake from the dream now I know we'll fly away we're free here we go the falling rain will come again no matter where or when it will pour down in the end. I never thought I feel a whim slipping through my hands the morning light comes breaking in as the blackness fades No bad reflections can resist the beginning of an age a sentence for a crownless king whose kingdom was a cage Wonder again why why should we miss the burning of the flame wait for another sign of rising disorder till the blade relieves the pain Inside your eyes I see a mirror you mesmerize and there's no error myself in you to be continued Inside your eyes I see a mirror of me! I kept a token of my pleas carved them into stone but after sailing open seas two became one Wonder again why why should we cease the spreading of the stain wait for another sign of rising disorder till the light 'cause again Inside your eyes I see a mirror you mesmerize and there's no error myself in you to be continued Inside your eyes I see a mirror of me! Inside a nest we were born there we grew up together you flew away towards the sun I rather stayed and wondered why do we fear the storm? why do we hate and suffer? inside the heart the mystery lives on inside the mind,it succumbs! so, anywhere you go flowing with the stream have a look inside and see who in fact we are what you've done so far with the time you let go Violence and decadence tragic routes that cross each other no one cures the consequence left behind by violence Learn from your lessons my friend and your heart will beat much stronger for a man who looks out just dreams but he who looks in awakens! So, anywhere you go flowing with the stream stuck within the realms of flesh all we see is flesh longing for the next episode of pain cause Violence and decadence tragic routes that cross each other no one cures the consequence left behind by violence I've never been The ordinary man The world begin Like every story does my friend I won't come down To where i was back then And nice mirage of love Has matter single in my heart, my friend But when the white fog descends Over the meadows of light And when the milking way descends And shatters the meadows of light It's time to stand up, stand up and walk Walk all alone, down the same road I could feel again Cause i long for the answers lost And I'd change everything If i could have a lapse in time And i could feel again Before going insane for good I would change all mistakes of mine With just a lapse in time Do you remember, not too long ago the cherry tree blossomed in vain? it was so hazy, yet hard to forget now all seems to happen again With the power of your mind no desire is denied It's a power stream you conceive your dreams in world you'd never say no there's a place to go land of miracles where the feeling never went wrong, no no no no Time is scare now,you better sleep forget all the crosses beared and though you keep on dreaming,your life is for real all you need to do now is dare With the power of your mind every longing can be defined... It's a power stream you conceive your dreams in world you'd never say no there's a place to go land of miracles where the feeling never went wrong, no no no no Before the rays of light Into a fading bright Riled up by such a thrill again I just keep still, don't move The reason can't improve A scene unfolding in my mind Into the light I'm falling Nobody turns to hear cries Climbing the highest peak of pain A reason to stay? Can't stand the pressure of The pleasures that I bought They promised I'd be free someday!! They told me: "Don't despair" But then now who'd expect A phantom shadowing my nights Into the nightmare, running Somebody, please, set me right Offer some kindness, no domain A reason to stay Oh, waiting for the sun No wonder why our lives Were waiting just to run Don't need you by my side to hang together on the ropes Won't you get out of the way? I've got to go! Before the coming fight You need to stay alive Riled up by such a thrill again! Into the nightmare, running Somebody, please, set me right Offer some kindness, no domain A reason to stay Oh, just waiting for the sun No wonder why our lives Were waiting just to run Don't need you by my side to tell me it's alright, no more... Won't you get out of the way? Oh, waiting for the sun... From this day on, I'm freed forevermore Don't need you by my side to hang together on the ropes Come on, get out of the way I've got to go!!!  Story of life Story of fate Something I could've done and now I feel I've lost myself in time A picture of those Beyond control Hearts messed up, abide, And so I hear Spirits weep out loud Living for my next step Swinging across the border line I wanna climb those stairs And reach the top now You brought me what I need Addictive heroin You sucked my heart, still you want everything Melting flesh and bone I don't know what you are I don't know where I've been Just look behind and see the shadow Of a one-day-promisse Come for a ride In the kingdom of light Most of us don't care to sign the deal When evil hangs around Heading for my last step Running across the border line I wanna stand and stare... You brought me what I need Addictive heroin You sucked my heart, still you want everything Melting flesh and bone Whole days and nights in vain Unplug and mute the pain These matted eyes now miss the last glare Of a one-day-promisse Northern lights dance in the air Nature paints its scenes Haunting the winter sky The wild is so vast, The air quiet and still Today a new sun will rise We’ll be together when the time comes around We’ll save our prayers and never say farewell Far becomes close; Scary, divine A sudden blaze reveals the course of life I walk in the night Counting the stars, in silence With tears in my eyes But I’ll never surrender We’ll be together when the time comes around We’ll save our prayers and never say farewell Nothing to fear, Nowhere to hide Nobody escapes the course of life As the universe expands And high flames are burning As the light breaks through the haze And sunrays melt away the snow The streams get out of control For we don't own life It's a fact: we're born to stray On this deadly journey We don' know where it begins And nobody tells where it goes The wheels just roll down the road Is there still a chance? We're alive - that's all we can say We must stay alert through the night Side by side, let's keep hand in hand And wait for the turn of the lights... The turn of the lights! Someday I Will feel enough To remember What’s gone And I will live enough To be humming This song Someday I will Rejoin your soul When fire stars Are falling down on me Let the clouds And let the rain Pour red tears down Today Let the heart And let the pain Flow away Away Feel what is over Feel what is dead Your smile forever will live Like a scar So many say It will never fade away Like a rainbow in the darkest sky Someday I will be Together with you Someday I will leave This woe behind For good Like a scar So many say It will never fade away Like a rainbow in the darkest sky Someday I will be Together with you Someday I will leave This woe behind For good You declare wars in your head You desert them all instead Every pulse that pumps your veins Just reminds you of the weight All over you... Simply for a little joy You neglect and then destroy The key questions in your mind When your self-esteem is low When you find nowhere to go Stop!... the world can't wait! You won't find a crystal ball Throughout the haze It's about time To quit that maze Nothing justifies your pain For there's no one else to blame When a shade follows my footsteps at night That could be you I descend to the riverside As I’m staring at the blackened water flow I sense you getting close I know you’re getting close I could reach my hand And fool my heart one more time I could stick to what remains… It’s helpless: our future is behind us! - You say that you go, you don’t go And you never leave a choice - You say that you need, you don’t need Though there’s urgency in your voice You’ve been searching for happiness But emptiness you’ve found You say that you go You think you belong - no, you don’t You’re still living on your own Is there a future for me? Is there a hope? Sometimes illusions, they drown And dreams are gone with the flood In the start, light had been made There were rainbows in the air In a place we all belong It’s so curious how it swaps Like the pieces of a play It depends on how we stand Day after day How we care for each word we say, Each move we make… You pretend you’re in control That you sit so high above But I prevail without you When at night you call my name All your tears roll down in vain You’re nor unreplaceable We must stand Day after day We must care for each word we say, Each move we make… The corporations' jaws Are spreading all around Invading like a plague, you can't ignore You're led into a trap They even seem to care About your life, your health - your misery! They need you to stay They want you to play They will find the way into your needs You're scanned high and low Cause they want to know: - Are you plain enough to serve us? Every time they reach their goals You're stabbed, but you don't know Can't you sense the Oversoul? The meaning of it all... The blooming of a life You're innocent and wild You guess you know the truth but you just don't That's right when it begins: You've gotta join that game! You're looking for respect - to be someone! They force you to play They lead you to crave From now on they'll be behind your needs You'll do what they say Can't choose your own way Right when it's too late to turn back Every time they reach their goals You're stabbed, but you don't know Can't you sense the Oversoul? The spirit of it all... Look around and see: Have you lost all will to live? Why don't you stand and fight for your soul? The sight revealed before my eyes On that very day A sea of clouds surrounding high The mountain summit All so unexpected, Falling to pieces to the ground At first I held the shock inside And then I woke up I looked around and realized: The white was red with blood All so disconnected When you're striving to survive I must go... Over the top, to the summit Or never know What lies behind the white giant of snow Step by step to the summit I'm face to face with the giant There's no return... Unleash the beast you used to be Let go off, and set it free Relieve your heart, let it breathe Forget the place you used to know Get ready for a miracle Straightening the curve of the road From this time, from this day You'll never be the same Leave behind what's insane And let it fade away You can still count on me From the past, nothing remains It's light-years away When you just listen to the words From someone who wants to take hold Of your will, of your thoughts, Of your mind and soul People who've lost their own life Normally try to get by Inside your world, to lead you on, They cherish when you fall... Sometimes I'm sad and lonely Somedays because I miss you You held me tight in your arms As I came out of darkness Sometimes I watch you go away I watch you go away... Hope you don't cry 'Cause in my own stories I'm ever side by side with you Somewhere to bind the distance Somekind of timeless moment Somewhen I'll let you know How far you've made me roam Across the nights, I hear a train That won't bring you back But I'll still wait... I never really lost you You never really left me I feel our hearts as one Every time I gaze At the moon  There’s no need to be as wise as Solomon To see that world has mired down We can’t see the end, can’t see the end We are accountable for our actions The way we choose determines our future Have you ever thought that it’s not right To live your life Without any sort of aspiration We’re not the ones that you will listen to But we just wanted to share our experience Nobody likes to suffer Then why do we make suffer others It’s not right to make your life go down the drain Perhaps it would be better to stop and think It would be better to stop and think Use your head Light the torch A lot of days are ahead and each of them is important Don’t waste your time it’s going fast Too many things went wrong Time is up Don’t be the one who doesn’t care Indifference is like abyss It will swallow you So try to make the right choice Where is the Garden of Eden? We search for it We try to find We try to grow What do you think about it? Break! Broken hopes leave us uncertain We're walking quite a distant road To make this all come true To see the sun, to talk to God, But we discovered that Jacob's Ladder breaks! Erect the monumet to the ideals Maybe it will soothe you And maybe not However act firmly and don't stick to the rules Resemblance to the experience Seems to be non-erasable I do not understand Whose joke was that What are we to do now? Where is our fortune? This kind of perplexity Leaves us uncertain We'll not leave this place Until we find another one Another ladder Keep your eyes open, pals! Keep your hearts pure! Red beams pierce through the sky moving us away from what we have already reached The place we stand is way too far from where we want it to be What makes things take an unexpected turn? Man try to think Why don’t you just believe The good old days They ain’t no more The war has become visible It has touched upon the sore spots of you We will move ahead just like we did Just like we did before The good thing is The good thing is we have our heads screwed on right We’ve got some common sense But anyway we’re trying to bring everything back Things will never be the same Use the hints that sky gives you The war has become visible It has touched upon the sore spots of you We will move ahead just like we did Just like we did before Be honest with yourself Stop mourning for the past Pull yourself together And join us! A question has come to my mind Why do I keep asking myself? Where are you heading like a tumbleweed? Like a rock that falls down the cliff? You are wasting everything! I find it hard to believe but you’ll always have a chance to turn over a new leaf We’re stuck between our desires We’re taking hold of ourselves But maybe that’s not the key That’s simply another deadlock Another delusion We fucked up! What if we’re doomed? Whaaaaaaaaat? The outcome is close! It will show you the truth! I know that sucks to be kept in the dark! We’re taking hold of ourselves But maybe that’s not the key That’s simply another deadlock Another delusion We are free! We are free to choose and believe in what we want to believe And hope that we have one more endeavour! I’m full of resolve I have no strength to mortify my anger I cannot hold this hate inside Breaking down May damnation take them I am who I am They’re just scums! Oh! Should I calm down? Or maybe I should just leave them alone? Or watch them fall into the arms of decay? They’ll have it coming! I’m sure that they should not exist For heaven’s sake make them disappear Burn in hell! Who will restore the balance? Is it early days yet for people to live in harmony and without torments? They say future is in our hands But why do we feel so helpless then? Things are waiting for actions from our side We have to hold our own I wish we could do more But future is in mist Future is in mist We forge our strength with our own hands We gotta stick together And move towards the mist We hope that our number will grow Righteousness! I wish the blindfold daughter of Earth could see What’s happening to her mother To her mother I hope I’m wrong and she will reward us according to our deserts According to our deserts Accept it gracefully Too late to be afraid We’re are ready to sacrifice We are ready to give out lives to justice And we’ll do that as soon as she demands As soon as she demands (Max, what do you want for dinner? Justice!) We want justice right here Right now! Righteousness! I wish the blindfold daughter of Earth could see What’s happening to her mother To her mother I hope I’m wrong and she will reward us according to our deserts According to our deserts We’re sick of waiting Make haste We need you! It’s 9 a.m. You woke me up to meet a new day Side by side with you we stand Striving not to lose the count of days Not to get stuck in the ruts Side by side with you we stand Hardships persist Side by side with you we stand Side by side We will pull through that I’m with you for bad or worse Let’s keep these memories in mind to have something To be proud of Life is a competition And we wanna be on top The winds are getting up We get stronger everyday However we’re still so weak So far from the ideal Far from the truth It’s 10 p.m. Looks like our days have come to an end Side by side with you we stand Luckily we didn’t lose the count of days Didn’t get stuck in the ruts Side by side with you we stood I’m so glad that we went through that together So many false steps we’ve made But we may call our lives well-spent We’ve kept these memories in mind We have something To be proud of Life was a competition And we almost reached on top We almost reached the top I see these guys every time I walk out of my front door I leave my house to get some fresh air I walk, I see their faces full of arrogance They crawl, they look like serpents in the grass. Led by the fashion and false ideas they’re just showing off to piss me off To piss me off What in the world does that mean? Triangles on your shirts And all-seeing eyes What the fuck is wrong with you guys? I am the one who does not believe in this crap You can’t fill the emptiness with the emptiness It isn’t even worth trying I think I will repeat the previous verse again I see you guys every time I walk out of my front door I leave my house to get some fresh air I hope some day you will head off from the wrong way Just don’t forget about the things you truly love Let it be our last attempt to evoke a response from you You’re not a mirror You’re not a reflection So fuck the fashion Stick to what you truly love Don’t forget about the things I’ve said If you are born to be an eagle Why are you pretending to be a flying rat? Step over that Don’t be a victim You are an eagle Night brings patience And lucidity of mind Am I the only one who is awake? It seems to me that right now Things are even more real and clear To some extent I am filled with darkness With darkness I don’t need the sun to be my source of light Cause I’ve got it inside I don’t need the moon to be my company Cause I’ve got it inside I’ve locked the darkness in the lighthouse It’s all about keeping it inside and not letting it out This is what my life turns in I am filled with darkness and light I’m a lighthouse I don’t need the sun to be my source of light Cause I’ve got it inside I don’t need the moon to be my company Cause I’ve got it inside I give my light to those who are adrift and keep the darkness inside Cause I am A lighthouse I don’t need the sun to be my source of light Cause I’ve got it inside I don’t need the moon to be my company Cause I’ve got it inside  'When it's time to Party, We will Party Hard!' Aaaah You, You work all night, And when you work you dont feel alright. And when, When things stop feeling alright, (ALRIGHT), Then everything is alright. Coz, We will never listen your rules, (NO) We will never do as others do, (NO) Do what we want and we'll get a Front View, Do what we like and we like what we do! So, Lets get a Party goin', (LETS GET A PARTY GOING) Now its time to Party and we'll Party Hard. (PARTY HARD) Lets get a Party goin', (LETS GET A PARTY GOING) When its time to Party, We will always Party Hard! PARTY HARD YEAAAAHHHH!! Alright! You, You worked that night. And when you party you feel alright. But when, (BUT WHEN) When things start feeling alright, (ALRIGHT) Then Everything is alright. Coz, We will never listen your rules, (NO) We will never do as others do, (NO) Do what we want and we'll get a Front View, (WE) Do what we like and we like what we do! Lets get a Party goin', (LETS GET A PARTY GOING) Now its time to Party and we'll Party Hard. (PARTY HARD) Lets get a Party goin', (LETS GET A PARTY GOING) When its time to Party, We will always Party Hard! PARTY HARD People started killing wherever she goes When she comes she's a red hot set of lips And when she comes and you just don't know She won't try and stop you But she'd go and kick you when you're down on the ground She just disapoints you Even though you give it everything you can (all that you can) You've got to make her understand That you are a man (You dont stop!) She gets what she wants (You dont stop!) She gets what she needs (You dont stop!) I get what I need (You dont stop!) I need your love You don't stop when they're taking your love (girls own love) You don't stop when they're making your love (girls own love) You don't stop when girls own love (girls own love) You don't stop when girls own love People started killing wherever she goes She gets off without you And when you get it up She's a puttin' you down She won't try and stop you But she'd go and kick you when you're down on the ground She just disappoints you Even though you give it everything you can (all that you can) You've got to make her understand That you are a man (You dot stop!) She gets what she wants (You dont stop!) She gets what she needs (You dont stop!) I get what I need (You dont stop!) I need your love You don't stop when they're taking your love (girls own love) You don't stop when they're making your love (girls own love) You don't stop when girls own love (girls own love) You don't stop when girls own love NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah! You don't stop when they're taking your love (girls own love) You don't stop when they're making your love (girls own love) You don't stop when girls own love (girls own love) You don't stop when girls own love (girls own love) This is your time to Pay, This is your Judgement Day. We made a Sacrifice, And now we get to take your life. We shoot without a Gun, We'll take on Anyone. It's really nothing new, It's just a thing we like to do. You'd better get Ready to Die, (Get ready to Die). You'd better get Ready to Kill, (get ready to Kill). You'd better get Ready to Run, Coz, Here we come. You'd better get Ready to Die, (Get Ready to Die). Your life is over now, Your life is running out. When your time is at an End, Then it's time to Kill again. We Cut without a Knife, We live in Black and White. You're just a Parasite, Now close you're eyes and say Good Night. You'd better get Ready to Die, (Get ready to Die). You'd better get Ready to Kill, (get ready to Kill). You'd better get Ready to Run, Coz, Here we come. You'd better get Ready to Die, (Get Ready to Die). You'd better get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die. You'd better get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die. You'd better get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die, Get Ready to Die, Get Ready to... If we're not, Not coming, Then you better get Running, And you'd better get Ready to Die. I never knew Girls existed like you, But now that I do, I'd really like to get to know you. The Girl's too Young, She don't need any better. Its all coming back, Can't you feel it. The Girl's too Young, She don't know any better. Its all coming back, Can't you feel it. She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). The Girl is Beautiful. You're giving me moves and hints from all sides, And when you hit like that you melt my eyes. The Girl's too Young, She don't need any better. Its all coming back, Can't you feel it. The Girl's too Young, She don't know any better. Its all coming back, Can't you feel it. And though I never know you, I look at your face. To tell you that I love you, Don't know what to say. I give everything I got to the Beautiful Girl, The Only Thing I live for in the Whole Wide World. She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). The Girl is Beautiful. I ain't got nothing to lose, (Nothing to Lose). gonna throw it away, and talk to you. (She looks Good) She looks Good, (And it's True) And it's true. The Girl is Beautiful, She is Beautiful. I ain't got nothing to lose, (Nothing to Lose). I'm only living one time, And I want you. (She looks Good) She looks Good, (And it's True) And it's true. The Girl is Beautiful, She is Beautiful. She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). Na na na na na na na na She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). Na na na na na na na na The Girl is Beautiful. She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). Na na na na na na na na She is Beautiful, (She is Beautiful). Na na na na na na na na I ain't got nothing to lose, (Nothing to Lose). gonna throw it away, and talk to you. (She looks Good) She looks Good, (And it's True) And it's true. The Girl is Beautiful, She is Beautiful. I ain't got nothing to lose, (Nothing to Lose). And i'll never forget When I saw you. (She looks Good) She looks Good, (And it's True) And it's true. The Girl is Beautiful, She is Beautiful. We're not gonna die You can never kill us We're not gonna die You can never hurt us We dent, We rob We choke, We gun We kill, We stab We rob, We steal We dent, We rob We choke, We gun We kill, We stab We rob, We steal Party 'til you puke... GO!... We're not gonna die You can never kill us We're not gonna die You can never hurt us We dent, We rob We choke, We gun We kill, We stab We rob, We steal We dent, We rob We choke, We gun We kill, We stab We rob, We steal Party 'til you puke... GO!... Party 'til you puke... GO!... Party 'til you puke! YEAH! We like to play and we do it all day Because we got no worries We make what we want And then we take what we want Because we're in no hurry They don't know, where we won't go 'Cos we just like living 'Cos we make what we want And then we take what we want 'Cos we hit the top And we won't stop 'Cos we're gonna have a FUN NIGHT!... Gonna get off!... (and have a) FUN NIGHT!... Gonna get off!... Won't go away And we heard what you said Because we just don't need it We just wanted fun And we're gonna get some And you better believe it You won't know and we won't fucking go We just keep on living We always get what we want We still get what we want 'Cos we're never gonna stop (no we won't stop) 'Cos we're gonna have a FUN NIGHT!... Gonna get off!... (and have a) FUN NIGHT!... Gonna get off!... We get off 'cos we do what we want We get off, We get off 'cos we do what we want We get off 'cos we do what we want We get off, We get off 'cos we do what we want We never stop... (we get off) 'Cos we're gonna have a FUN NIGHT!... Gonna get off!... (and have a) FUN NIGHT!... Gonna get off!... We get off 'cos we do what we want We get off, We get off 'cos we do what we want We get off 'cos we do what we want We get off, We get off 'cos we do what we want... (Fun Night!) You gotta keep up You gotta keep going... No you never let down You gotta keep going You gotta keep up You gotta keep going I went around the place where we once went before But I never knew it hurt so bad I wandered back again, but you just slammed the door I never knew it hurt so bad We were nothing but kids on top Never gonna stop We never let down We gotta keep up Keep our heads on 'high' Never gonna die 'Cos we gotta keep it alive When you're down on your luck You gotta do it 'Cos you can't get enough You gotta do it You never give up (NO!) You got to do it Gotta do all the stuff that you love (no more turning) When you're down on your luck You gotta do it And you're covered in mud You gotta do it You still going on (YEAH!) You got to do it Gotta do all the stuff that you love You gotta keep up You gotta keep going... No you never let down You gotta keep going We gotta keep up We gotta keep going But you left me down so many times and took me back But I'll never turn around again And now my life is back I'm back on the track And I'll never burn it down again, No 'Cos we were nothing but kids on top Never gonna stop We never let down We gotta keep up Keep our heads on 'high' Never gonna die 'Cos we gotta keep it alive When you're down on your luck You gotta do it 'Cos you can't get enough You gotta do it You never give up (NO!) You got to do it Gotta do all the stuff that you love (no more turning) When you're down on your luck You gotta do it And you're covered in mud You gotta do it You still going on (YEAH!) You got to do it Gotta do all the stuff that you love (no more turning) When you're down on your luck You gotta do it 'Cos you can't get enough (YEAH!) You got to do it You never give up (NO!) You got to do it Gotta do all the stuff that you... Love You watch what I say, (Watch what I Say), Watch what I do. Because I really don't care, I really don't care, I know you're trying to get somewhere. You watch what you say, (Watch what I do), Im gonna get on you. I really don't care, I really don't care, You're never gonna go nowhere. (I Get Wet) I Get Wet when the party is dying I Get Wet without even trying. I Get Wet I Get Wet whenever you trying I Get Wet when I know that you're dying. I Get Wet You're making wars, You're breaking doors, And now you're on the floor. I really don't care, I really don't care. I know you're tryin' to get somewhere. You watch what I say, (Watch what I say), Watch what I do. Because I really don't care, I really don't care, You're never gonna go nowhere. (I Get Wet), I Get Wet when the party is dying I Get Wet without even trying. I Get Wet I Get Wet when I know that your dying I Get Wet without even trying I Get Wet I Get Wet when I know that you're dying, (I Get Wet). I Get Wet without even trying. I Get Wet I Get Wet whenever you're trying, (I Get Wet). I Get Wet when I know that you're Dying. I Get Wet I Get Wet when I know that you're dying, (I Get Wet). I Get Wet without even trying. I Get Wet I Get Wet whenever you're trying, (I Get Wet). I Get Wet I know that you're Dying. I Get Wet I Get Wet when i'm not even startin'. I Get Wet without even trying. I Get Wet I Get Wet whenever you try it. I Get Wet when I know that you're dying. I Get Wet Don't stop living in the red Don't stop living in the red Don't stop living in the reeeeeeeeeed You were always living in the red You were always living in the red You were always living in the reeeeeeeeed Oooooh....oooooh....oooooh......oooooh Red, red, red, red, red, red, red Don't stop living in the red Don't stop living in the red Don't stop living in the reeeeeeeeeed Oooooh....ooooh....oooooh......oooooh Don't stop living in the red, red, red, red, red, red, red  Well if we had our own willing way to go You'd be doing things, and hoping there's antidote! When we saw that we'd give you it all! we're thinkin' you're a lady, yankin' our chains an' all! We can get a try! We can get a try! with a 1, 2, 3 You'd be startin' to drown! We can clear the floor We'd give you a bangin' ladies and gentlemen do it together! We want you to give us something more... You have to lay down on us! We want us to get up off the floor... Don't ever lay down on it! We don't want to ever live or die! We gotta get out we can make it today you gotta HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY! make it today! We want fun and you better believe it! We want fun 'cos we desperately need it! We want fun, but you don't understand... ... you gotta HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY! make me a man! We want fun and you better believe it! We want fun either take it, or leave it! We want fun, and we're gonna get pasted! We want to have fun, and we want to get wasted! When we had the time of our life We'd hook up with the gang and take you through! Then you'd be in the back of our van Mum and dad started gettin' real bad! We want you to give us something more... You have to lay down on us! We want us to get up off the floor... Don't ever lay down on it! We don't want to ever live or die! We gotta get out we can make it today you gotta HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY! make it today! We want fun and you better believe it! We want fun 'cos we desperately need it! We want fun, but you don't understand... ... you gotta HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY! make me a man! We want fun 'cos we medically need it! We want fun either take it, or leave it! We want fun, and we're gonna get pasted! We want to have fun, and we want to get wasted! We want pie, want pie, want fun YEAH! What do we want? What do we want? We want fun, want pie, want fun YEAH! What do we want? What do we want? We want fun, want pie, want pie YEAH! What do we want? We know what we want! We want pie, want pie, want pie! We want to have fun, and we want to get wasted!  This is why we are alive We all live like we are going to die We are here we are high And this is why we love to live our lives I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party You cannot kill the party You cannot kill the party You cannot kill the party Long Live The Party I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party You cannot kill the party cannot kill the party cannot kill the party cannot kill the party Long Live the Party Do you care, what you are? Where's your pride? We don't know But we don't wonder why I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party You cannot kill the party You cannot kill the party You cannot kill the party Long Live The Party I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party I want to have a party You cannot kill the party You cannot kill the party You cannot kill the party Long Live The Party The conquest will survive The more that you can give it, then the more it will be And if you do not have it, you can take it from me All we ever wanted was a thing to believe, And now that we have found it, we have all that we need. The more that you can give it, then the more it will be And if you do not have it, you can take it from me All we ever wanted was a thing to believe, And now that we have found it, we have all that we need. We have found our pride And if any last one of you ever likes to be part of this war, part of it, you get out, you get out, you get out, one two oh, I met a lot of friends who were cool But a lot of them were jerks And when I found about the trouble I was causing It only made me act even worse. I played a lot of horrible songs Yeah, a lot of them were bad And when I listen back to the way I used to play, It only made me even more mad I used to take what I wanted for free I only ever saw what I wanted to see We were jerks, we were bad and that's all I ever wanted to be. Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up all night Tear It Up up up up up up up Tear It Up Tear It Up all right Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up all night Tear It Up up up up up up up Tear It Up Tear It Up all right. Come on, you've got none, you want it you cant give in, you get out, you're bad come on. I never cared much about rules And I did what I wanted in school I hung out on my own, I went it alone And I probably really looked like fool But I did it like I'm top of the rope, And I'll do it like I'm top of the rope. Until I let go, until I let go, I'll always tear it up on my own. Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up all night Tear It Up up up up up up up Tear It Up Tear It Up all right Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up all night Tear It Up up up up up up up Tear It Up Tear It Up all right. Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up all night Tear It Up up up up up up up Tear It Up Tear It Up all right Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up Tear It Up all night Tear It Up up up up up up up Tear It Up Tear It Up all right You walked out on your best But you knew they would never pass the test They mess your life around But your life's taking their life Taking them down And you never give it up When they stab you in your back Because their backs are going to break when you go So you jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump They're not going to hurt you anymore You never give it up Give it up give it up No you never give it up You don't And you jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump You're going to have to make it on your own They just took your last friend But you knew they would get theirs in the end You put their lies behind 'Cause your life's taking their life, making them fry And you never give it up When they stab you in your back Because their backs are going to break when you go So you jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump They're not going to hurt you anymore You never give it up Give it up give it up No you never give it up You don't And you jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump You're going to have to make it on your own I never want to break your heart Never want to make you cry Never want to give up and die And even if you can't stand up Even if you lose your light I'm a friend by your side You're never going to be alone You can never let down Never let down You can never let down Never let down Never let down I never want to make mistakes Never want to do no wrong Never have a place to belong And I'm never going to leave you out If you ever lose your way Not alone or betrayed I'm always going to be around You can never let down Never let down Never let down Oh You're doing alright You're doing OK Just follow your heart And don't run away You can never let down You're doing alright You're doing OK Just follow your heart And don't run away You can never let down You're doing alright You're doing OK Just follow your heart And don't run away I never want to break your heart I never want to break your heart I never want to break your heart I don't care what you say And I won't hit the hay I don't know what you do But I know I'm not you We've got something that you'll never have And we will never listen to your rules, oh We will never do what others do, oh If you want a fight, we'll fight with you, oh Cause we will never listen to your rules, no You're not my mom and dad And even they watch their backs Cause they know what I hate Any rules that I can't break I don't care (I hate work) What you say (So let's play) And I won't (And don't get) Hit the hay (In my way) I don't know (I like people) What you do (to be cool) But I know (I like people) I'm not you (To break rules) We've got something that you'll never have. We will never listen to you And we will never listen to your rules, oh We will never do what others do, oh If you want a fight, we'll fight with you, oh Cause we will never listen to your rules, no Your rules, no way Do you really want to go down now? Do you really want to know where I've been when I go out? Can you understand what I'm feeling? And do you understand what it means, man? When you here the sound Feels just like a pleasure And when you hear the sound and you know We're coming for the sound Don't ever stop the pleasure Remember what it's like coming down And don't stop singing the song That's what we said, we said Don't ever stop the song You can never stop, singing your song Singing it loud and you're singing it long And you can never stop No, never stop, the song You don't know that sound when it feels bad. And you lost what you knew So you took what they had Now you try to take it from others But try and mess with us and you'll suffer brother! When you here the sound Feels just like a pleasure And when you hear the sound and you know We're coming for the sound Don't ever stop the pleasure Remember what it's like coming down And don't stop singing the song That's what we said, we said Don't ever stop the song You can never stop, singing your song Singing it loud and you're singing it long And you can never stop No, never stop, the song I don't wanna make life And I don't wanna make death I don't wanna make love I just wanna (Bang Bang) I don't wanna make life And I don't wanna make death I don't wanna make love I just wanna (Bang Bang) I don't wanna make life And I don't wanna make death I don't wanna make love I just wanna Make sex Wanna make sex, wanna make sex Wo oh Wanna make sex, wanna make sex Wanna make sex Wo oh, wo oh Wanna make sex, make sex Wanna make sex, wanna make sex Wo oh Wanna make sex, wanna make sex Wanna make sex Wo oh, wo oh Wanna make sex, Make sex Life's too short So do what you want I've said it before and I'll say it again So everyone just do what you want People will laugh, and tell you to mop People will call, and here come the cops It's all beaten up and going to town You did what you could, and put the ball out of bounds. I'm totally stupid totally stupid totally stupid. People don't like What you do Give them what they want Give them what they have Give them what they are And they should People don't care They tell you what to do Do what we can And put the ball out of bounds And we dig deep pulling out Out of the ground I'm totally stupid I'm totally stupid I'm totally stupid I'm totally stupid Totally stupid Totally stupid I'm totally stupid Would you give up all you want To keep the things you got To keep the things you got And would you give up all you got To get the things you want To get the things you want All the things we want are here We have to face our fear We have to face our fear. When we look into the future To the place we haven't gone See what we haven't done We have known it all along If we wait until tomorrow Will tomorrow ever come? This is where we're coming from And we're not the only ones When we find ourselves in trouble We can find ourselves a way You can find a place to stay And the place is always safe If you have a heart that's in pain Don't be afraid You're not to blame There's a better world inside of us Where we always thought it was You don't need to hide You can open up your eyes And you'll discover That there is another, world I I am alike A lot like you Oh, like you I do what I want And I want you Oh, want you I learned all that I need to know To understand I love you so You get me, I get you, we get us I can't explain it anymore I'm not too young to know for sure You get me, I get you, we get us I didn't know what I was Didn't know what I wanted from love But now I know that I'm right Even if you won't have me, I don't care. Because I'm Really in love Really in love I am falling really in love Really in love Really in love I am falling really in love In love When I'm saying your name In love Know it's not the same In love I'm down on my knees Please don't go You... you live alone And I do too I really really really really want you You've got no things you need to say The love I have won't go away You get me, I get you, we get us I didn't know what I was Didn't know what I wanted from love But now I know that I'm right Even if you won't have me, I'll keep trying Cause I'm Really in love Really in love I am falling really in love Really in love Really in love I have fallen really in love In love When you're saying my name In love Know it's not the same In love I'm down on my knees Please, please, please Had the power on full And a reason to run Learned a little bit slow But it's better than none Learned a little bit slow But at least we had fun Looking out on the lot Driving over the dance Riding up to the top Bringing lunch in advance Riding up to the top Bringing all that I can If you only do good And you figure it out If I do what I should If I do it all now Don't be waiting for luck Find a way to do more Are we doing this? What are we doing this for? Because we can... Before the end of our lives The end of our lives The end of our lives Before the end of our lives, oh There were days that I stole But I also got robbed So I made a mission my goal And a vision my job Made a mission my goal But the vision got lost If you only do good And you figure it out If I do what I should If I do it all now Don't be waiting for luck Find a way to do more Are we doing this? What are we doing this for? To love the times we have To like what makes us sad To live when others die To lose and say goodbye To last until our moment comes But it isn't over You know it isn't over You know it isn't over You know it isn't over You know it isn't done Before the end of our lives The end of our lives The end of our lives Before the end of our lives, oh Just because this life ain't easy Doesn't make it bad It isn't over It can't be over Be glad I want you to remember all the things that I said I want you to remember you're not better off dead You only have a minute to go bk in the line To bring it on home and make up your mind I want you to remember what you came here to do I want you to remember that I'm talking about you I Love Music and I Love To feel I love to get through, I love to get through I Love Music and I Love To Yell In my soul I am running getting nearer For many years of only hope you'd never leave You are my faith you are my friend you are my family and I am coming So we can live forever more in total love You're in my soul (you're in my soul) And I am running (I am running) Getting nearer (I am always getting nearer) For many years (for many years) Of only hope (of only hope) You'd never leave (for many years I hoped you'd never leave) You are my faith (my faith) You are my friend (my friend) You are my family (my family) And I am coming (and I am coming) So we can live (so we can live) For ever more (for ever more) In total love (so we can live forever more) In total love I'm not about to die I'm not a setting sun I look into your eyes and see what has begun I'm not about to die (this time we will) (this time we will unite I'm not a setting sun (this time we will not) (this time we will not loose you) I look into you eyes (we look into your) (we look into your eyes and) And see what has begun (and see what) (what has) (and see the world is...) In my soul I am running Getting nearer (I am always getting nearer) For many years Of only hope You'd never leave (for many years I hoped you'd never leave) You are my faith You are my friend You are my family And I am coming So we can live For ever more In total love So we can be there when victory strikes again  There's a million things I'd like to say But you turn your back, refuse to hear So, I keep it inside and watch you walk away But, the vision and the words, will not disappear So, what is it that you fear, as you turn your face? There is more in this world, than meets the eye; Reality is what we choose to see and believe There's a million things you'd like to tell But, I think I've heard it all before And I know I'm wrong, I know it so well Never will I listen to you, nevermore There's a million things I'd like to say But you turn your back, refuse to hear So, I keep it inside and watch you walk away But, the vision and the words, will not disappear The feelings we've kept inside, and the tears we've denied Always remember it's bitter taste Remember it's token; remember the words Opened wide, eyes to see, Within, beyond and behind Faces never seen, My mind is expiring, beyond all limits Impulses and thoughts torn into meaningless words The darkest of demons are hidden behind the happiest faces I wear the mask of fear Impulses and thoughts torn into meaningless words stained on this paper, like the liquid of life from a slit wrist I have nothing to say, yet I desperately search searching for the shadows of mine yet undiscovered, hidden within Opened wide, eyes to see, Within, beyond and behind Faces never seen I have nothing to say, yet I desperately search searching for the shadows of mine yet undiscovered, hidden within Impulses and thoughts torn into meaningless words stained on this paper, like the liquid of life from a slit wrist In the depths I saw something beckoning me An ugly shape deep down in the sea In the corner of my eye, an inner world so blind But I know, yes I know; it's only in my mind In the depths I mirror myself, twisted reflections It is not me, must be a wicked imagination In the language of sorrow at the bottom of the sea The shape turns it's head and speaks to me I am too many for my shadow on the wall Into the deepest of water we hand in hand fall Voices do surround, sadness is unbound We dive, tranquillity in death is found A shadow walks beside me, my liquid gemini As I weep, It laughs, above the silent sky And as I laugh, It kills me with every passing second, with every passing second...In the deepest of waters... I am too many for my shadow on the wall Into the deepest of waters we hand in hand fall Voices do surround, sadness is unbound We dive, tranquillity in death is found... In the depths I saw something beckoning me An ugly shape deep down in the sea In the corner of my eye, an inner world so blind But I know, yes I know; it's only in my mind In the language of sorrow at the bottom of the sea The shape turns its head and speaks to me I wanna ride on a shooting star Ride through cosmos so very far See the ground down there below The speed of light's our only foe A mighty milkyway crusade Nothing can make the feeling fade Floating skywards at the speed of light Oh, yeah what a beautiful flight! Turn your head to the skies Embrace that which never dies Behold, for it's not a dream It's me star shooter supreme! Hello Terra Firma! Here we come! Yeah! We're having some astral fun Circle of friends, planets in motion And the sun has a smile like an ocean Mighty milkyway crusade Nothing can make the feeling fade Floating skywards at the speed of light Oh, yeah what a beautiful flight! Turn your head against the skies Embrace that which never dies Behold, for it's not a dream It's me start shooter supreme! Ride on my brothers, fly on Descending fast, but still we have won A mighty milkyway crusade Nothing can make the feeling fade Ride on my brothers, fly on Descending fast, but still we have won Floating skywards at the speed of light Hell yeah, what a beautiful flight! Come on! Turn your head to the skies Embrace that which never dies Behold, for it's not a dream It's me star shooter supreme Turn your head against skies Embrace that which never dies Behold, for it's not a dream It's me star shooter supreme Oh yeah! This is where I stand This is who I am This is the way it had to be Arrows point in every direction Where to turn, seek to learn; Lies in the sand of time Closing my mind to remember But there is nothing to forget All I ever had is here, before me Open up the opened and collect This is the written word This is who I am This is the extension of the wish; Conviction will blossom, As failure laughs in my face I'll still be waiting for my turn Closing my mind to remember But there is nothing to forget All I ever had is here, before me Open up the opened and collect Closing my mind to remember But there is nothing to forget All I ever had is here, before me Open up the opened and collect Again and again I fall into your arms Your embrace; my only true home My sanctuary from the cold outside Your embrace; my only destiny Archangel, come spread your wings around me Give me air to breathe and tears to shed Archangel, come spread your wings around me Give me air to breathe and tears to shed Feed me lies of hope; words so bittersweet Save me from myself and the agony within Archangel, come spread your wings around me Cure my fever, heal my longing, everlasting For this world, was not created for you and me Naked, unprotected we have fallen, down  Turning the page, write to cease new ideas Thoughts - all duly recorded Maybe someday, all the rhymes, given time Would get justly rewarded So long ago, you don't even know how it started So there you go Stashing the sketches and drafts of what has become an Encyclopedia of all the things you've done Expect the media to bother when you're gone Hours and hours of sacrifice, no compromise Forced as if under orders Planning to take land sea and skies, but can't decide When to cross the borders Encyclopedia of all there is to know Encyclopedia - but what is there to show The piles just seem to grow Is this ambitions one man show There's only one man watching you, John Doe He's both on stage and in the front row Encyclopedia - your one and only friend Encyclopedia - will pay off in the end Turning around, the objective of the way you lived Hypothetical fortune, suddenly found You're at the gate - it's too late Psychological torture So long ago, since you should have put it all out there So now you go Leaving for us to discover the paths you have tread Encyclopedia - all written by his hand Encyclopedia - will we ever understand Now he will never know Swept away by the undertow The world is listening now, John Doe Come back and reap what you have sown I could have pushed you out that day That would have been the easy way Watch you fly down that hundred meter fall I wouldn't care at all Falling, falling, drowning Inhaling and you're screaming Screaming... Pleading don't go Mirages - as I hurt you in my mind As the memories unwind Mirages - as you led me to believe In things that only you conceive Why do you play that vicious game I ask myself most every day So high, that hundred meter fall I turn around and there you are Falling, falling, drowning Inhaling and I'm screaming Screaming... Pleading... Bleeding Victoria falls were much too real It's beauty false though now I see Please try to explain What was the aim, what was the gain No matter how I try to wash it off The stains remain (We are gathered here today To say our last farewells We fell so hard down that hundred meter fall Now - only stains of us remain) Mirages - as you twisted with my mind As you told me I was blind Mirages - well constructed to deceive The trusty and naive Mirages - as you offered no reprieve From the hell you had achieved Mirages - as I finally could see That there was nothing to conceive I can turn away and hold my breath a day But I can't escape the stench of the lie That's haunting my mind I won't be free even if I'm deaf, dumb and blind All those weary eyes with their wicked smiles They come to my dreams, they're watching us now They're after my head, they're after my life Why can't they stay dead? I confess to my sin, reaching deep within It comes straight from my heart, where should I start In revealing my thoughts, reaching deep within I'm just letting it out and letting you in Reaching within It was so long ago, or was it yesterday I can't seem to find a thread in my mind A needle that's sharp that will make me whole That's mending my soul It's hard for me to plead, for your empathy When hatred persists, whom can I persuade? To forgive and forget I threw the stone but I stand alone Dig in my head and you'll find what is on my mind Take it all out, I insist that it won't be missed Wake up the slumbering man, Give him time to adapt to your world, I just know he can Living alone Is not the way for me Words on the phone They fade and die as I put it down Feel like a stone Emotionless, hard and cold All on my own I just can't find the way So tell me I'm dreaming Please wake me up Pinch my arm as hard as you want 'Cause all of this madness Makes sense when you're here One & one is two, but not when two is one Tired and slow Time crawls by us now Distance's a foe Far, far too strong for my weary mind Opening the door The world lies endless, there below Don't know where to go I just can't find the way What good are numbers anyway They put perspective on the game But we're playing off the board Oh the rules do not apply I feel it, the energy Keeping contact intravenously Floating chemistry Protones, electrones, forming atoms, molecules Into complex lifeforms So in perspective of the game What good are numbers anyway When we're playing off the board Oh the rules do not apply Tears from the ceiling That's how I'm feeling Falling - forgiving Call of the living Tell me I'm dreaming Please wake me up Pinch my arm as hard as you want Tears from the ceiling Tell me I'm dreaming Water fulfilling Life - a new meaning So tell me I'm dreaming Please wake me up Pinch my arm as hard as you want 'Cause all of this madness Makes sense when you're here One & one is two, but not when two is one But if you count you lose the point So in perspective of the game What good are numbers anyway When we're playing off the board Oh the rules do not apply At the time I left land and sailed away Never knew I would end up a castaway Wind went hard and the sky had tears for me The sea was all that I saw, my enemy There are days that I wake up and strongly believe There are ways to escape, I myself might deceive In the bottles I've sent, I reached out for a hand But as sure as I'm here, they have never seen land Castaway, your clouds are in the way of light I am stumbling blind Castaway, your thoughts, remembered by the prints That I left behind I know, but it's so hard to show Myself a way, to a better day I know that I am destined to live A life in memory, companion to my misery I've seen ships passing by, but they've never seen me And for each day that pass without being free I will moulder within with nothing to win I will gamble my soul to pay any toll Isolation I face every day, every night What is real what is not, I keep losing my sight Who's to care who's to not, I just never might know For the son God forgot, maybe someday, I hope someday they'll show I used to love the snow Can I reach it now Beyond my dreams somehow Only the stars look the same How I'd love to know their names I know, but it's so hard to show Myself a way, to a better day I know that I am destined to live Trapped by the sea, living in your memory I sit in darkness cold and wait Searching in my mind My watch has stopped at half past eight And I can't recall a thing I won't accept this divided state Where two are trapped in one I'd ask them to communicate If I knew how (I am the one of your fears In your head, in your bed, in your dreams - or so it seems Am I too much I have no fears, have no tears And might I add, like I said; Am I too much) They're starting to interrogate, looking for a sign Trying to intimidate, "we know you were there that night" It seems it's getting far too late to find an easy out But how am I to indicate that it was eye (I am the one of your fears In your head, in your bed, in your dreams - or so it seems Am I too much I have no fears, have no tears And once again, little friend; Am I too much) I wake before the curtains fall, just in time to see His devastating work of art, acknowledged and signed by me And you... you just... just cry I... I, oh I got so much I wanna say Yeah, so many things I've kept away All the lying, all denying, all the little bricks in his game So clear to me, yet so obscured If anyone could help me out, if anyone just anyone But if anyone would find me out I couldn't bear, I wouldn't dare... So I play The time has come to contemplate My dearest parasite You take me to a state of hate Where reason just don't apply This secret curse can't be my fate Or something I've deserved My mind is set to liberate Itself from you I look into your eye, I let go of my pride I confess to the lie, I look straight into your ... I am the one, one in my head I have no fears, I have no tears I am the one, one in my head I have no fears, I have no tears I banged my head against the wall Ran around in circles Scratched my itchy skin until I bled Crossed my bloody fingers Kneeled down and prayed Oh father are you in heaven What is in my defense I've committed sins, all seven Is there time to make amends Eight nine ten eleven Escalating fast Could I have changed the past or present And for how long will it last It's like I'm being cursed I just can't quench this thirst But now I'm ready to burst You know, I was in here first I am the one, one in my head I have no fears, I have no tears I am the one, one that you dread I have no fears, I have no tears I open up my eye and I, I open as my eye I stare and let it read my mind, eye open as am I Scanning through that tangled maze I lose myself again Who am I whose eye defines the thoughts run through my head And soon I find there's no way out, my eye is my guide again Showing me around, these pathways so profound Shining like the sun, I pretend it's just for fun As he forces me to run again Asking would you like to be my friend Eye look into eye and I try to draw the line Fight that lie and hide my fright, keep it out of mind Far away I hear a voice that shouts and demands Syllables and letters forming words of command Closer now, then from inside, I think that I understand Showing you around, these pathways so profound Shining like the sun, I pretend it's just for fun As I force you with a gun - run, run Asking would you like to be my friend I look into your eye, I pretend it's all fine I keep living the lie, I look into your eye (This fragile surface may hold the weight of all that's locked inside But will it help you clean your slate, or do you just run and hide You can run...) This fragile surface white and blue if studied will reveal There's something in the depths below that I cannot conceal Through years and years of acting and the practice of my stare Has made it easy to escape if you didn't already know it was there This fragile mirror of the soul reflects both fake and real But before you see too much of me I'll turn or keep it sealed So I face the ground and hurry on, I run from how I feel To tell you 'bout my self-inflicted wounds that will never heal  Under the surface Behind these walls This is where I'm hiding Hiding from the world This armoured vessel This steel can is my home And I can't get out And no one can get in No more will you see me again And oh, I'll never see the light of day And I know I've been under so, under so long Hanging on to my only hope When I feel that I just can't cope I'm looking through my periscope In a shallow environment I've been taught to live But I always wondered what was in the deep Trapped in the indecision of which way to go Where it's safe and home or where no one has gone Oh, I don't know why I don't get along Got too much energy but I still belong To a world where all my questions are wrong And they won't ever understand me, so Hanging on to my only hope Still looking through my periscope I have a question I would like to ask To who's ever listening To myself Does everything that you give come back to you And if nothing's offered you might as well be dead Oh no, I have a lot more to give But I don't Don't know how to let it out Let it show Not even to the people I know So here I go Her I go Hanging on to my only hope I'm looking through my periscope Pointing fingers mark the way the riches and success Those who couldn't make it won't be satisfied for less Fulfilling visions dreams where others failed that is our quest Trademark of a caring soul is to always know what's best Experience and innocence are currencies in trade Separate the stupid from the clever with a grade Ability and character determined at a glance Do you choose your fate or do you give in to circumstance Working hard for a cause we've never known That's not our own, but In the end We don't need directions To understand What we should embrace And what we should transcend When we pass it on ourselves Remember then It makes all the difference in the end Social climbers step on souls and hearts to reach the top They've been told to not look back or down 'cause then you'll drop Inflicting pain on anyone who's standing in their way Placing blame is easier than watching what you say Waking up to a world we've never known The curtain's down, the cover's blown Waking up to a world we've never known All sense's gone, but In the end We don't need injections To understand What we should embrace And what we should transcend When we pass it on ourselves Remember then It makes all the difference in the end And if you think you've had enough If you're thinking that has to stop If you're giving up Stop Looking up for a god we've never known They say he's there just say your prayer Looking up for a god we've never known We're all alone but In the end We don't need religion To understand What we should embrace And what we should transcend When we pass it on ourselves Remember then It makes all the difference in the end Take your time but hurry up Don't get tied but settle Find some time to socialize Solve the hidden riddle Well I've been told That no other one will understand Nor solve the hidden riddle Yes I've been told That no other one than the chosen son Will solve the hidden riddle I arrived in darkened light Of endless deprivation Lost in sense of wrong and right I'm here for the salvation Clouded minds you're cold inside Climbing your own ladder When in fright you run and hide I'll show you just what matters We'll I'm the one that you called upon That was begged to come To solve the hidden riddle Now I am here In your presence near And your greatest fear Is to solve your hidden riddle Relax my son, you are my chosen one But not this way, I for your pray Your infected mind has made you blind All your shame I do not need to see The riddle that is in your mind And you find in yourself left behind Come out of your castle of sand Lend me your hand I am not the one you need to free Forever and ever Beside of me you have none The pain will go on You won't believe it's true Forever and ever Without me you'll all be gone The pain will go on Whatever doubts I'll prove Well I've been told That no other one will understand Nor solve the hidden riddle Yes I've been told That no other one than the chosen son Will solve the hidden riddle Forever and ever Beside of me you have none The pain will go on You won't believe it's true Forever and ever Without me you'll all be gone The pain will go on Whatever doubts I'll prove So now the end is here I have no fear I lean my head on the ground I can not feel my legs and my arms are going numb But I still see the shapes gathered round Staring figures, features frozen Skins are pale and mouth are open Someone's leaning forward saying Try to breathe, soon help is coming Hold on Leave me here no need to bother Just look at me, I won't recover Don't forget to tell her that I love her Now let me down, I'm going under All the bitterness and hate is left behind It's a relief, it's a high I see my life pass by before my eyes And there's no reason to ask why High, high, high... I leave it all behind Hold on Leave me here no need to bother Just look at me, I won't recover Don't forget to tell her that I love her Now let me down, I'm going under Hallucination or for real, I start to feel Like I am floating in the air, I'm everywhere Colours shifting patterns intertwining Transparent angels singing Come with us come with us come with us come with us A tunnel rising ascending slowly White clouds form a path in limelight Come with us come with us come with us So here I stand at the stairs looking down I see myself on the ground I look into my eyes, they're telling me An inner peace has been found Electric shock, I'm back from yonder The pain is too, now even stronger Someone's leaning forward saying Welcome back son, how're you doing Hold on Leave me here no need to bother Just look at me, I won't recover Don't forget to tell her that I love her Now let me down, I'm going under Leave me now Let me down Now A stranger to the night I dwell in light, can not live without Those healing beams make me go on Peace is found inside In flood or tide, winter spring summer fall But when the sun is gone And I fail to be And this difference is a pain to bear Although a mystery I pray for it to end But there's no response And I fall again My moral breaks My limits I bend Till I hurt you, I curse you I strike your head until I burst through I live it out, live it out, live it out, scream Then I wake up from this wicked dream Till I hurt you, I curse you I strike your head until I burst through I live it out, live it out, live it out, scream Then I wake up from this wicked dream Eyes are opened wide I cannot hide, the fear I keep inside To all who rest assured enjoy My envy will unleash As my weary eyes shuts with fatigue The lights are out and here's my show I release myself From the cage that I now despise With the night I come In wrath I rise Cause I've been constrained But this shell that is left behind There's no sympathy My hate is blind, I hope you don't mind Till I hurt you, I curse you I strike your head until I burst through I live it out, live it out, live it out, scream Then I wake up from this wicked dream Till I hurt you, I curse you I strike your head until I burst through I live it out, live it out, live it out, scream Then I wake up from this wicked dream Bruised and battered I wander among you And I laugh and I smile as you're accustomed to But behind my wall that you don't seem to see I pray that someday I'll be all of me Should I defect from life itself Since it turned it's back on me Hey, if you gotta go then you wanna know I'm buried deep inside and I won't let go In your darkness I will glow Hey, if you gotta go then you wanna know I'm on the other side beckoning you to come Then I can run my show And I'll hurt you, I curse you I strike your head until I burst through I live it out, live it out, live it out, scream Don't you agree that we're one hell of a team Well I hurt you, I curse you I strike your head until I burst through I live it out, live it out, live it out, scream Then you wish it was just a dream My ambition from the start Was to rely upon my heart I would not follow Through every door you opened wide For me to sneak a peak inside I solely turned To the path of my demise Where you turned right I turned wrong If you got it made If you got all that you craved If you got away I'll tell you now you're all the same I'm falling without ties I am the one that truly failed I see you walking by each day With a frown that tells of your dismay I reek and stretch out My empty, lifeless, withered hand This did not turn out as I planned I too had dreams 'bout a time and 'bout a place Instead I live by your grace You all got it made You got all that you craved I guess you must have prayed All of you who not derailed For you I hide my eyes And yeah I realize I am the one that truly failed There's always time to tantalize Always room for analyze Of the misguided man Judge not the unfortune one It could have been your only son You rose high I tell low Reaching for the pennies you throw Humiliated I fawn For every time you make it Every time I'm mistaken And I know when I am gone No one will ever know My ambition from the start Was to rely upon my heart Now the beats are weakening My omission of the verity Made the search of false prosperity A lure of grandeur If you embark in my trail Preconvinced you'll prevail I'll bequeath no guidelines You're alone when you fail If you got it made If you got all that you craved If you got away I'll tell you now you're all the same I am the one who cries I'm falling without ties I am the one that truly failed You got all that you craved I guess you must have prayed All of you who not derailed For you I hide my eyes Yes I realize I am the one that truly failed Stone on stone Forming defenses from the crowd Brick by brick climbing the sky No asking where when or now Nor solving the mystery of why Supposed to lead us all as one The only thing they do is lead us on So just be careful where you tread Obstacles and traps ahead Mudfilled trenches, barbwired fences Spotlights on the wall Guards assemble, fingers tremble As the sirens call But nothing's gonna stop us Till the inner circle falls Step by step advancing Closer to the core Megaphones that never cease Old slogans all heard before Shout freedom as a metaphor for peace Oh please The rising drawbridge's not so far We're run as catapults recharge It is no longer safe to hide See you on the other side Mudfilled trenches, barbwired fences Spotlights on the wall Guards assemble, fingers tremble As the sirens call But nothing's gonna stop us Till the inner circle falls Oh I wanna be there Where the stones lie still around you Oh I wanna be there Where the fire will not harm you There's a place I always go when I'm feeling lost When I'm cold And when there's no shelter from the storm Iskenderun So I fall back into myself Stare at the pearl inside this shell And I have to go A world in the sun The darkness is gone Iskenderun And I'm all alone Under the sun Iskenderun Iskenderun Another Celtic Telamon Another Persian Salamis There is no guilt not innocence There is no us and them Jerusalem Oh I wanna be there Where the stones lie still around you Oh I wanna be there Where the fire will not harm you Look what they've done, look what they've done Everything's gone, everything's wrong So I have to go Nowhere to run Look what they've done Iskenderun And I'm all alone Under the sun Iskenderun Iskenderun Terrorists are walking around me And I walk among them War lords, Nazis, kamikazes When will they When will they stop Oh I wanna be there Where the stones lie still around you Oh I wanna be there Where the fire will not harm you Oh but the truth is This is a place Where I've never been And I've never seen Sacrifice paradise Ignorance, malice, ambition combined Second prize don't entice Indoctrinated we stand alongside Enterprise in disguise And our eyes, and our eyes begin to wander the sky Telling lies, alibis And we cry, and we cry as they start to multiply This sleep here in front of me Six miles from side to side A caprice of geology Standing mountain high The wall whispers no apology Doesn't answer why The landscape changes radically As it's reaching for the sky And no one can pass by No matter how you try And if they let you in You can't come out again The flood will descend from here And everything will fall An arrogant decision Our destiny for all No serum intended here No antidote in mind All the species all the plants From the beginning of all time All gone away in the blink of an eye Sacrifice paradise Ignorance, malice, ambition combined Second prize don't entice Indoctrinated we stand alongside Enterprise in disguise And our eyes, and our eyes begin to wander the sky Telling lies, alibis And we cry, and we cry as they start to multiply From the comfort of leather chairs Turn jungles into fields A segregated conference Outsiders forced to yield And those who cannot wield a pen Or haven't got a voice Are all labeled incompetent And they're all bereft of choice And no one will be spared There's vermin in the air And they don't even care This will reach everywhere The fire ignited here Will spread from coast to coast The center of attention Yet overlooked by most No island, no refuge made These ultraviolet waves Infiltrating everything And everyone inside All gone away in the blink of an eye  Deep in the soil Trembling silence Stones in the making Tension release Digging a hole Blood sweat and tears No rest and no sleep Then - I found a key Teeth shimmering silvery grin Mocking yet serene Gethsename staring indifferent Stunning beauty in green At once obsessed Obedient without parole Substract, withdraw A piece of the soul Deeper and deeper Searching for years for Something to open I could not see My science for god My modus operandi Of understanding Stood in the way This is the turning point The moment of truth Consider every piece of knowledge Gathered during this pursuit Confined, locked in Convinced there has to be more Browsing through all the schematics Looking for a door "In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted." "The prospect of domination of the nation's scholars by Federal employment, project allocations, and the power of money is ever present and is gravely to be regarded. Yet, in holding scientific research and discovery in respect, as we should, we must also be alert to the equal and opposite danger that public policy could itself become the captive of a scientific technological elite." What are the odds What's the statistic Is there a reason Or is it pure chance No treasure box Or safety deposit No secret doorway The lock was in me Teeth shimmer, reflecting the grin A familiar looking chin Six digit figures could never Buy the state I'm in At once I'm blessed Once splintered now become whole Increase, expand The reach of the soul I realize now that what we seek is not of an external nature But rather to fully grasp the full potential of ourselves We were born with the most sophisticated equipment known to us Yet we spend most of our lives searching for something else Something to come along and rid us of our boredom As if we were afraid to look into ourselves Afraid of what we might find Nothing scares me more than this fear Every generation lives In the shadows of the last This one's no exception Before traditions set the rules But this is something new There are no directions All or nothing We are stuffing Our waistlines increasing And with it IQs are dropping Keep on pushing Blame it on Cushing Sit down, take it easy you know There's no point in rushing Hey, we're slaves of the plethora season No work to be done So chill now everyone Hey, we're suffering from indulgence syndrome Nothing but joy We have no choice There's a theme park called the west With high fences all around So there'll be no distractions Here we do what we do best Exploiting everyone In search of perfection All or nothing We are suffering Taking their oil and their lives And there's still no cuffing No dominion No opinion There's not a new law or decision That we're not in on Hey, we're slaves of the plethora season We need all the gas To move that thriving ass Hey, we live in the immunity zone Time to rejoice Boys and toys In our corner of the world Got nothing much to fear So we turn on each other Some girls have formed a plan Goes straight past equality This without deception Injustice for ten thousand years Now blaming anyone Who can get an erection All or nothing They're not bluffing Hey, we're slaves of the plethora season Those who have none in crotch They've finally grown nuts Hey, we're standing in the enemy zone Let's head on home Y chromosome What am I waiting for What do I hope to find Lying here inside my mind So much scattered energy Falling in between Focusing on how I hurt Introvert I search my heart I search my soul A bust without console I search the ground I search for more I just can't find the door I can't decide I can't control I lost control I have no faith I have no goal I have nothing Nothing to explore Paralyzed from the neck up No twinkle in my eye And I have no devotion No chills down my spine Paralyzed but in slow motion Like a zombie I keep on moving round and round Making sure I can't be found Panic rising from inside Adrenaline set in Still I won't move an inch The world outside passes me by With the blinding speed of light Captured ghosts on retinas Fading out I never laugh I never feel It's hard to conceal I never hurt I never heal What is fake, what's for real I don't believe I believe I would've never believed I would never believe again I don't believe this Believe me I never would've believed You'd believe me if I told you how If I told you how I feel Paralyzed from the neck up No twinkle in my eye And I show no emotion No tears fall at goodbye Paralyzed like from some potion I'm gripped by this stunning notion A sensation so profound I cannot make a sound Apathy spreads fast through me Like gangrene dark and cold Life and death entangled Infection growing sore We all know the outcome From that struggle in the past So what am I waiting for Thoughts make up the pages The page contains the thought Burning for the winds of changes But that wind will feed the fire Ash to ash - stories ending Dust to dust - flakes ascending Burn debris burn - the breath of writers Choke on smoke - freedom fighters In order to deny the story The story must be read To judge if harm can be inflicted You must inflict the harm Ash to ash - innocence lost Dust to dust - this is the cost Censoring truth - leftovers buried In our minds - still residing In retrospect There's plenty left To tell the facts behind the lies Put sound to every pantomime Imperative Should not outlive The modal verbs of humbleness The what if, maybe and I guess Still trapped beneath The boulders of authority Whispered phrases dodging Immature publicity Every aspect covered Except the danger Of airborne phonetics Hitting the tympanic The long lost written words The long lost written words Spoken out loud If regressive new ideas must vanish The idea is still regress The pureness of the soul in danger The danger is the soul Ash to ash - lives are ending Dust to dust - flakes ascending Heinrich Heine - your words still echo Lost and found - author unknown Author unknown I could have gladly asked for more But your look was saying: "I saw you" And as you turned away I mumbled out that I adore you But I knew within That forced upon a choice I'd run And once again chagrined Defeated by my very own hand I am my own worst enemy I am the last man who can set me free Ain't it time you made up your mind Guiding voices pointing at the road ahead Leading straight to nowhere Temptations; never hard to find But to resist will always be the battle That will come back and haunt you I am my own worst enemy I am the last man who can set me free Go without, go within Go where no one's ever been till you know Rid your doubts, shed your skin Feel the loss so you can win over your foe Only then will you know Catching up with the train that ran off Early warnings told that no seat'd be free If I waited too long This time I do intend to stay on Delusions passing by as I stare out Into the void surrounding I am my own worst enemy I am the last man who can set me free And as the silence wail I tell myself all over That if this just begun I know this will always go on There is something in the way that she talks to me That makes me wonder if I'm really free or not You are my star You're a special kind of girl The things that you say to me They wander through my head I am falling out of these boundaries that were made to break You are my star As galaxies appear those white sparks are creeping near I'm no longer touching ground This celestial incarcerator, my soft spoken vindicator Circling around Euphoria, I've arrived through my novas gentle care Travelled through time and space to this lair of her You are my star Flickering candles far from reach I know they are there, I just can't see Blinded by her willingly She knows what's best for me Thought these streets always looked so empty Paved with wet stones and oil Flash of turn back to the gutter Brief encounters all end with a slam Then a presence stirs around me I around and there's you Seeking confrontation and contact Filling the void with human touch You feel the rush Just like a crush Take another step towards the light You say you can be trusted But something doesn't feel just right Take another step no I won't bite I'm all alone out walking There is no one else in sight Take another step Take another step Take another step, are you allright Question answered without a word What's wrong with you ain't physical In a second arm twisted behind me And my face pressed against the wall Whispers ask for my belongings Cellphone, wallet and the ring There is nothing that I can't give you There is nothing I cannot give If you let me live If you let me live Take another look into my eye You're stealing everything But cannot ever take my pride Take another coin, see if I care Raping every pocket But my integrity's not there Take another thing Take another ring Take another swing I won't fight back Take another step, let's not deny Strauss was on to something And then Nietzsche got it right Take another step, another crime A small one for you maybe But a giant for mankind It's another step It's another step It's another step back for humankind Tears escape from my eyes As I'm reminded once again By the failure of our kind We're closing up this shop for good Since we plundered all that we could What will it take for you to open up your squinting eyes It's who we are It's who we are You can't own what you loan A short time we've claimed this soil Which really is no mans land Time is short, we're running out But not of ideas of how to squeeze out The last drops of the borrowed world we call our own It's who we are Can we accept and just go on? It's who we are We're trading off the breaking dawn Unknowing you blend into the dough Handing your votes to those who are thought of to know What is left to say It's sickening me when they're raking in They couldn't care less as long as they win It's sickening me when those who have it all Elbows others to get some more It's sickening that they'd rather rape the earth And claim that they're just quenching out thirst It's sickening how we choose to neglect How it all unfolds A vestigial prophecy Of tomorrows floating orb of debris A faded memory Drained out it monuments The echoes of ashamed lament Of what evolved from silent consent As a phantom of the past Holding the cast As the shadow of a lucent moon Burned out light years too soon Benighted we fail to attune This acheronian state, is it our fate Way out of sight Absorbed by night An endless line Running past the signs Thus condoning the fall of all Shadow of a lucent moon Burned out light years too soon Benighted we fail to attune This acheronian state, is it our fate Way out of sight Absorbed by night It's sickening me how we're wearing down What is in our care to hand it on It's sickening me how we fail to see That all of this just ain't meant for you and me Inverting the inverted in disguise The past becomes alive within their minds Rotten to the core, so old and foul - Pages that rule their way of life Eyes and ears forever sealed shut Kneeling spiritually autistic sheep Wide open now to take it all in - Orders from high above Can you see what they do Erasing, re-writing the truth Can you hear what they say - One God, one path - Amen Seven days To replace an ocean of time Discard all reason and pave the way The science of God has arrived Right through your eyes The light now does shine Blinding you - this veil of illumination Across the world The light now goes dim Darkened by this veil - called salvation From Genesis and onwards Everything's been set Crown of the creation Everything is ours Mother Nature weeps Subjected to abuse Naked apes with hubris Shameless pseudo prophets Can you see what they do Erasing, re-writing the truth Can you hear what they say - One God, one creed - Amen Spreading out - infiltrating high and low Discard your questions and shut your mouth The silence of God has arrived Right through your soul The light now does shine Blinding you - this veil of illumination Across the world The light now goes dim Darkened by this veil - called redemption Inverting and dismembering their souls Dogmatic scum - deceptive angel-ghouls Histrionics, tongues that speak entwined Preaching sickness right into the spine Eyes and ears forever sealed shut Kneeling spiritually autistic sheep Wide open now, dead inside Laughter from high above Can you see what they do Erasing, re-writing the truth Can you hear what they say - One God, one creed - Amen Pave the way - enemies shall not be spared What once was written must be true The science of God has arrived Right through your eyes The light now does shine Blinding you - this veil of illumination Across the world The light now goes dim Darkened by this veil - called salvation  Incoming message Simple, loud and clear Materialized vengeance Arrogance and fear What is that you do not understand No paperwork required No stamps or signatures No negotiation No return adress Still you look like you don't understand This is your great chance to An opportunity to A brand new start for you to A clean late for all your friends too Bring ye forth the free markets In which you'll give us free labour Behold the modern, free slavery Freedom has now struck you Join us now or fuck you Freedom now demands you Freedom wants a thank you Spoken like a true emperor Spoken like a true conqueror Spoken like a true terrorist Ripping through the darkness Rays from spotlights drawing lines Sending out a message From which nobody can hide Searching for a weakness Or ignorance of any kind Capital neon letters Casting shadows in my mind Prompting for attention Making me feel sick Insulting my intelligence With every cheapish trick What they're really after Is as clear as the signs The message isn't subtle Between those neon lines Lies 'r' us We make up everything we're selling In fear we trust With it comes need and hypochondria We rip the crust Tear it off, and let new blood flow like Tears from lush And we squeeze, and we're laughing at you Standing at the crossroads The grave torment of choice My silhuette defining Against the background noise Contemplating weapon Sarcasm, irony or dis Leaning towards candor And sober analysis Hello Hello Moto I'm not sure I'm lovin' it Santa's favourite soda Will make you just as fit And am I really worth it Am I having it my way I figure I'll just do it I'll think different - as you say Lies 'r' us... Suits - shirts with matching ties Dull by choice but watch the eyes Sharp - and just like our shoes they shine Despite the darkness there behind We walk the finance district Concrete, glass and steel Corridors and airplanes, an all effective shield From ordinary people left out of the deal But most important keeps us From how we really feel Keep underestimating us, we don't care The last laugh's ours The joke's on you down there Keep underestimating us, hide in your hair Just stay unaware Deal - in our world means steal Trust - fund is the first thing that comes to mind Right - politically correct Loyal - the puppets we elect "Structurally reforming","modernising states" A "democratic process", with no open debate We come up with phrases and names for everything Just to keep you guessing, we don't call it what it is Keep underestimating us, we don't care The last laugh's ours The joke's on you down there Keep underestimating us, hide in your hair Just stay Robin Hood has since long gone away No one that good in this egocentric day Day and night, we're speeding past the signs Yes traffic lights are just recommendations for our kind Some have learned to put together two and two And then they turn against us, nothing new Naomi Klein, who shocked you into buying "The confessions of an economic hitman" lies Real - estate, we own the lot Love - you bet it can be bought Growth - in the third world we just put a straw And yeah that's right - we suck Imaginary freedom keeps the cattle calm Space enough to turn 'round And a fair amount of halm Well soon it's time for slaughter We're lining up the PIGS The smallest are for starters, salut, bon appétit! Keep... We had a place by the ocean We lived by it's rules And our housee seemed to hover Over the tide Until that Boxing Day morning When all slates were wiped clean And though the wave evanescent The change permanent And while we were looking for loved ones They sealed off the beach We were told we would not be safe there And the barricade grew As a provisional precaution We were moved off the island No return tickets given We still gaze at our home from the town They've cleared the rubble And with it everything else Strong foundations set for the five star hotels No wave can compare This compels us to die It is survival of the richest With enormous appetite It steals, it robs, it takes, it snitches Like there's no tomorrow It is unnatural selection The lucky and the dead The fever spreads like an infection A cancer on the earth It won't ever be the same To them this is just a game But it will never be the same They say this camp's temporary But what will come next They lay down pipes for our sewers But didn't drill any wells And the streets of Male's still flooded And we are but drops In an ocean of people With nowhere to go It is survival of the richest... It won't ever be the same A tsunami will rise again It will never be the same A tsunami will rise again They could be anywhere You're nor safe even in your TV-chair It could come through the air Land or sea - the terror's everywhere They could be anywhere You're not safe, not even under there It could come through the air In your mail - the terror's everywhere It could be anyone Could be your neighbour, could be your only son Don't hesitate to inform Pick up the phone, the witch-hunt is on Now plant the seeds of hate A distorted mirrorworld False flag deception - manufacturing consent Let's point the finger Trust the mistrust Give the speech of Peace and freedom Peace and freedom Peace and freedom - for all Well we've come to the show Burning towers crumble into dust Acting like we don't know When deep inside every thinking human must Jetliners vaporize Passports, bandanas and bodies still intact No fighters patrol the skies For two full hours - undeniable fact Now reap the fields of hate And send us off to war False flag deception - manufacturing consent It's neverending Blood and money Just keep spending Peace and freedom Peace and freedom Peace and freedom - for all "Virtually all of the concrete of these enormous structures was pulverized into very fine dust. Try this: get a piece of concrete and drop it, a little over a thousand feet, and see if it pulverizes into very fine dust. It won't happen." Inconceivable Unbelievable Can you smell the Reichtag fire in the air The Mainila, the Mukden, the Gleiwitz of today Serving casus belli - poisoned delicacy Pearl Harbour, JFK, RFK Admitting to Gulf of Tonkin and Operation Northwoods In another 40 years: 7/7 and Madrid Through media playing mind games All built on FEAR False - Evenets - Appearing - Real False - Evenets - Appearing - Real "Your majesties, your royal highnesses, distinguished members of the Norwegian Nobel committee. We are at war. War. War, war, wars, wars, wars, wars and wars, war, and armed conflict. Battle in a distant land. Wars, wars and nuclear war. Holy war. War in one form or another. Just war. We choose to wage war. Just war, war, war. Total wars. Another world war. The relationship between war and peace, and our effort to replace one with the other. The destructive power of war. I understand why war is not popular, but I also know this: the belief that peace is desireable is rarely enough to achieve it. We will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes. Ther will be times when nations, acting individually or in concert, will find the use of force not only necessary, but morally justified. The waging of war. The prospect of war. The conduct of war. So yes, the instruments of war do have a role to play in preserving the peace. War is sometimes necessary. Let me make one final point about the use of force. Yes there will be engagement, yes there will be diplomacy, but there must be consequences - when those things fail. We choose to wage war. Thank you very much." Now sing the song of hate Or forever hold your peace False flag deception - manufacturing consent With or against There's no exceptions No excuse Just peace and freedom Peace and freedom Peace and freedom - for all False - Events - Appearing - Real False - Events - Appearing - Real Behind the ostenible goverment sits enthroned an invisible government, owing no allegiance and acknowledging no responsibility to the people We have heard that half a million children have died I mean that's more children than died in Hiroshima You know, is the price worth it? I think this is a very hard choice, but the price, we think the price is worth it Chosen by God And the world has to answer to us We'll show who we are If you can not believe it We are chosen by God You are with or against us There is no in between Our enemies are innovative and resourceful - and so are we They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people - and neither do we The biggest threat to America today is not communism, it's moving America toward a fascist theocracy. And everything that's happened during the Reagan administration is stearing us right down that pipe. ...you said: 'the people that were elected last week'. They have not been elected. That is the point that I'm making, and in the case of Baroness Ashton: she has never been elected to public office in her entire life. She takes an enormously powerful job, and the peoples of Europe, of Britain, of everywhere else - do not have the power to hold her to account and to remove her. And that fundamentally is what is wrong with this whole European Union, It's all about bureaucracy versus democracy. Things have gone horribly, horribly wrong. Chosen by God And the world has to answer to us We'll show who we are When you least will expect it We are chosen by God You are with or against us There is no no Recited and translated Chosen by God And the world has to answer to us We'll show who we are And you better believe it We are chosen by God You are with or against us There is no alternative In your asylum Guarded by fire A castle of ice resides Bordered by wire In perfect silence Hovering The shape of your body That I know you're in I look into those eyes See nothing but despise In your eyes As love turns to hate Love turns to hate In your asylum Behind those walls The night sky is endless But there are no stars They have all fallen You've made your last wish And you try not to think of the fact That I still exist And you pretend you cannot hear This monologue my dear As you hide As love turns to hate Love turns to hate And everytime that I try You turn your back, turn your back on me And every way that I ride The tangle and thorns awaiting me A wall of roses That exposes no entrance for me You seem to be complete Without me In your asylum Inside your shell A pearl slowly forming But noone can tell If in the darkness It sparkles and shines And there's no way of knowing If it's all lies I can't explain but there's something Unnatural in the way That you cry As love turns to hate Love turns to hate Preemptive attack as a matter of fact Let no one escape, leave nothing intact Eye for the eye they might try to scratch They won't stand a chance There'll be no rematch Just keep on going, drive over them I saw a boy throw a stone, I think Drive over them Rip apart the walls Blast away all running civilians Then try to cover it up, but it can't be done 'Cause everything is painted in red Yeah - starting to show All the things you don't want us to know Talking head Yeah - shaking us so As all we can do is play dead Still, lie still And try not to breathe Scorched the earth, the scars run deep An infected tattoo, an oasis of blood Do you expect us to look the other way When nothing is more obvious And everything is painted in red Yeah - starting to show All the things you don't want us to know Talking head Yeah - shaking us so As all we can do is play ... there, one o'clock. Haven't seen anything since then. Just fuckin', once you get on 'em just open up. All right, firing. Let me know when you've got them. Let's shoot. Light them all up. Keep shootin'. Keep shootin'. Roger. Got 'em. Oh. sorry what was going on? God damn it, Kyle. All right, haha, I hit 'em. Got a bunch of bodies layin' there. Oh yeah, look at those dead bastards. All right, we got about uh eight individuals. There's one guy moving down there but he's uh, he's wounded. Come on buddy. All you gotta do is pick up a weapon. Come on, let us shoot! Come on. Clear. Clear. Nice. Nice. Good shootin'. Thank you. Silence - nothing but silence here Tears fertilizing the sand Still nothing is growing Silence And we sleep under stars with the roar Still fresh in our memory Remembering a time When everything was fine There was approximately four to five individuals in the vehicle moving bodies. Looks like a kid. Over. I got a wounded girl, we need to take her to Rustamiyah. Could you tell the battalion that two civilian children casualities are coming back to Rustamiyah in the Bradley. Over. I've got uh eleven Iraqi KIA's, one small child wounded. Over. Roger. Ah damn. Well. Oh well. Well it's their fault for bringing their kids to a battle. Strike them hard, backstabbing allie Weaken and starve them With unreasonable sanctions Then try to sell that with limited resources They've developed new weapons Of mass destruction Trojan horse of Kuwait worked out well Sent Glaspie to smile and Nayirah to cry Do you expect us to look the other way No nothing is more obvious Yes everything is painted in red Yeah - starting to show All the things you don't want us to know Talking head Yeah - shaking us so As all we can do is play dead I think he just drove over a body. Did he? Yeah. Maybe it was a visual illusion, but it looked like it. Well they're dead, so. We're shootin' some more. Hey, you shoot, I'll talk. Engaging with Hellfire. You're clear. All right firing. We're not even going to watch this fuckin' shit? Target it. And firing. There it goes, look at that bitch go! Paloosh! Roger. Building destroyed. Engaged with three Hellfire missiles. Nice missile. Did it look good? Sweet. Thought I was supposed to ask When I could not understand I didn't know some questions Were frowned upon or banned So when I first saw the shadow I trembled and I shook I grabbed your hand and pointed But you didn't even look My son you see shadows Embarrasement and shame But the sun makes the shadows The trees are not to blame I recall the sunshine And the look in your eyes As we reached for the sky In another time But at night in the dark I just couldn't see Couldn't see And the pain and the fear Came haunting me Haunting me There's something under my bed, oh Don't tell me it's all in my head, no I can't make it out in the darkness But the contours look like a monster Daddy why can't you stand upright Mommy why do you just cry Go back to sleep Go back to sleep So I never asked again But I didn't understand What was the point to have me If they couldn't find the time So I swallowed the shadow And made it part of me I thought that'd make them happy But that was not to be My son you're a shadow Embarrasment and shame Our son is in shadow You're standing in the way I recall the sunshine And the look in your eyes As we reached for the sky In another time But at night in the dark I couldn't see Just couldn't see And the pain and the fear Came haunting me Haunting me There's something under my bed, oh Don't tell me it's all in my head, no I can't make it out in the darkness But the contours look like a monster Daddy why do you stare through me Mommy why do you just cry Go back to sleep Go back to sleep The needle points at you and me Shining in the light But I can see a trace of blood On the good doctor's hand Epileptic seizure For no apparent reason Anaphylactic shock You think they're gonna cover this one up Stuffed up on the media altar The beast still lokks alive All hail the New World Order All bow in fear and awe And their eyes cannot see And their ears do not hear And they say it cannot be Is there something wrong with me The Galileos of today Freak accidents and suicides The scientific community Is now hijacked and used for greed Astra Zeneca, Glaxo Smith Kline A simplified spelling needed And it would read Frankenstein Isn't that Witty Take up the Rich Man's burden The savage wars of peace Now fill the mouth with venom And bid the sickness cease And their eyes cannot see And their ears do not hear And they say it cannot be Is there something wrong And even if those pulling the trigger All but openly admit Their anonymous committee advisors All stand to profit And even if you could turn some heads 'round To see the smoking gun Cannot do anything about it It cannot be undone Cannot drain the veins of our children In hope the poison spout Cannot slap the cheek of autism And ask it to snap out And their eyes cannot see And their ears do not hear And they say it cannot be Is there something wrong with me  Beyond desertic fields of ice Monstrous winds claim for their homeland Defied, everything that stands still Is hit by the cold in their hearts Sung is this desolating Victory, by the dead trees and the Troubling choirs of tortured wind Enchanting melodies of the Dark Beyond the magnanimity Of white snow's claimed purple gardens One grand crystal palace was built Symbol of the ruling of death Hidden in a crystalline room Stands the only living flower Trapped in a magic box of the Only ice beholder of a spark Lost once more, I don't know where to go Lost the sacred memory I forgot, where am I from? One broken branch from the grapevine Lost my only heart's bed No where can he rest all peacefully laid Another lost wanderer was born How could I lose myself so easily? Behold the magic From Gaia's darkest child's Relentless lips Kissing all your sins Seduced, I finally Stood still against the wind My heart was not cold My heart was no more In the realm of Forever-Night, My one and, one and only, my only heart is lost The only thing for me to do is to Free the last flower from its wicked prison It has the power to unveil the truth and the honor But this Forever-Night will last until Aeon's dawn Beyond snow's invaded lands An infant hides and stares at the sky Covered by the dying clouds Of greyness and of emptiness Beyond the Forever-Night An infant deprived from her heart Gets up and begins his last walk She's heading for the crystal palace ...where her last hope still lives Just a walk, the one, one last hope stands Forgetting all the rules, refusing to conform I'm a prey in the grey Oh why should I obey? You're lost, in the deep disarray One last try to one day scream victory... VICTORY! One more lost soul Now left with no colors A dead flower Who never saw summer Where art thou hidden colors? Thou mystic shades of life Can a dream still breathe after dying so many times? Nothing left to give All yet to be born Dying rules from Earth For the rise of my dreams Seeking the Moonlight Teachings from the sea Listen to thy heart And claim thy glory, and sing this song One fantastic Quest for a new paradise One day, no more I could give To this world, like an empty bottle Tearing my heart for this song Is just not a routine One day, no more I could feel For this world, when the last hope shall die The final countdown has begun But how long will it last? For the love and for the passion beyond the skin For the burning desire to unveil the mystery From all the pain left with only a stain Could only be cleaned by the truest lover's kiss One last dream to share One more soul to harvest One more try to One day scream victory Breathing honesty Bring me close to thee Dying rules from Earth For the rise of my dreams I am not from a gutter Even though it feels like it I do not wish to murder So why should I sing about it? Dragons no more ride their wings And I'm not the one lie Satellite-illusions of stars shining Makes me want to cry What's the true meaning of Pleasures and Satisfaction? What's the true feeling of total liberation? Is a body deserted when it feels no more pain? Is the heart useless when it no more longs to cry? Oh can the garden of purple gloom totally be conquered? Or will there forever be a flower somewhere living even if in ice? I still forever remember the first time I heard delightful sounds of hope and the fire burning the rope I could not hide my tears away from this divine beauty it feels like I had never lost my heart at all Waves of passionate tenderness Angel of all angels lending me her shoulder Mystical garden growing in the Dark I still forever remember the feeling I had of a new world revealing and its dawning dream I discovered a very long lost child who opened his eyes and was inspired by the Moonlight Waves of passionate tenderness Angel of all angels lending me her shoulder Mystical garden growing in the Dark Take my hand I will never let you fall again Lay your head on my breast I need you to feel my beating heart Closely… in you… So many tears were shed Like rivers who cannot find rain So many frozen dreams Broken by the tortured wind But all this time it was there The misty sounds of the deep sea And now by the snow its melody echoes… oh oh Making its way to my ears Never will a snow flake Lay again in purple gardens Never will one living wonder Be all alone again Beyond this Forever-Night The dead grey fades away Beyond the night’s crisped sky The Moonlight gently smiles Closely… in me… Take my hand I will never let you fall again Lay your head on my breast I need you to feel my beating heart… Closely into your frail body So many mysteries Lies in the sea’s Cruel Beauties So many living wonders Sing their dreams to others Never will I doubt again The return of the rain Never will I feel again The fear of the Crystal pain Beyond her motherly hands Is where all the beauty stands Beyond her comforting breast My heart found a place to rest Oh what a night Dancing with the romantic breeze of spring Feels like I could fly with my wings My new purple wings Oh what a site Dandelions play with me in the park Feels like my eyes now hold a spark A new mystic spark Sing once again with me the melancholy And all the things we cannot see Sing once again with me just a piece of truth and then well see Just how seldom is our wisdom Oh what a smile A child has when his daddy comes back from work The child doesn't see hes gone berserk There's too much work Oh what a scream A child makes when some monsters shakes its bed Their teeth are brown, their eyes are red And I think it sounds fun Sing once again with me the melancholy And all the things we cannot see Sing once again with me just a piece of truth and then well see Just how seldom is our wisdom The romantic breeze inspires rainbow twirling petals To dance with me where the Moonlight shines Oh what a spell Changes city parks into magic realms? Lets not say who is the lovely witch Behind all of this Sing once again with me the melancholy And all the things we cannot see Sing once again with me just a piece of truth and then well see Just how seldom is our wisdom Alright, tonight we will climb to the sky We will ride the stars tonight I flee And you fly We fly Tonight In the sky Tonight We'll ride the stars So far Waiting Midnight to ring A lullaby for this wonderful night, climbing the stars A melody that makes the big monsters sleepy Flying In new born spring We sing The hymn Of new born stars A melody playing with the feeling Of when Midnight Rings A magic kingdom Unveils to my wide eyes Revealing to me How to ride the stars Just hold on tight and Don't close your eyes You will soon see the Moonlight Night's only ray of light Stepped into a beginning tale Where it is Forever the Night Maybe I will live enough to tell A story from so far so close to the heart Rainbow petals twirling in the night A garden growing in the dark Responding choirs from the stars Magical voices heard about everywhere Hiding so softly, just for a moment Safely away, all alone to play Stepped into an enchanting tale Where the wind blows into its flute Where trees play harp so magically Into the woods of Forgotten-Lands A small tribe stands around a fire Accompanying the melody Accompanied by an unknown voice With strange instruments from another time and place Hiding so softly, just for a moment Safely away, all alone to play Far away, around the fire Tribal Dreams, humble fantasies Suddenly, The Moonlight shines to me It reaches me, into my humble bedroom Suddenly, I feel that I could flee Magically, It seems that I can see All the eyes, from forests that never dies Suddenly, The tears fall into me Through the trees, on the ground Lies the light sought for so long Through the branches and the caves Sings a voice with unknown words Suddenly, Seems a voice into me Sings to me, in unspoken tongues Magically, Her words I can now see Telling me, Soon you will see the sea Fly the sky, and ride the stars Telling me, She is Eternity Suddenly, She opened all my ears And I heard such wonders I have heard, Enchanting melodies From the roses and from the thunder This is all, That I can make of it This is all that I can make of it An infant stares at the sky Covered by the Starlights Amazement fills his sparkly eyes An infant learns to smile again Covered by the gentle Moonlight All of his sorrows were not in vain ...feeling so safely naked Finally the clouds are exploding Down down the rain is pouring Hearing new colored birds sing And fantasies breathing Landed in a dream of deep enchantments Overwhelmed by new warmth into my chest Feelings of pleasure running into my body I open my eyes and forever let go An infant bathes in the light Covered by Moon's serenity Feeling that with his wings, to fly, he might ...a universe where... Wilderness is full of wisdom And where the wisdom is wild Where Angels are better seductress Then Gaia's darker child's ...now that my garden richly grows Why would I need to harvest autumn's flowers...  Hopeless time Everything Falls Ideas Died One By One When the wounds are crying And bats are drawn in blood They go to the moon The clouds come and draw the smiles of the moon in the marsh of lilac Clouds reach from a still silence of fog And we forget the night by it's dawn The Regret Of Broken hearts You Trundle In Fucking Pain You couldn't see,you couldn't feel Like a blinded fold You Bloody whore So shut up and die and Fuck Your God. Somewhere Near An Empty Space Where The Inauspicious Fruit Fell To The Ground Where The Birth Took Meaning Where The Beginning Finished To The End Nothing Began The Look Of The Yellow leaves Sleeping In Being Of Annihilation A Sound Like My Notes Silent Full Of Ambiguity Glance Of A Child In Hot Desert A Cold And Meaningless Calmness The Voice Of The Hidden Graves Clapper claw To Reach Death The Secret Of Neatness And Whiteness Of Time The Abstruse And Sick Prism Of Being Beauty The Abomination Of The Black Lines The Regret Of The Innocent Walls Being Under The Burning Flaws Without A Look Proceeding For Being In a Deep And Human Look Castle,In Remembrance Of Humanity We Swear The Cunning Adoration's For Existence _ Adoration's To Unfetter The Battle Of Water And Fire_ The Battle Of Blood And Darkness Again and again And At The End It Doesn't End Without Good And Bad To Your Altitude I Fall,Annihilation Open My Eyes To Your Sky But It Seems Nothing There Again All Standing In a Deep Castle With Might And Assumption The Black And Tired Hearts Hail Eternity Endless Years,Eternal Darkness A New Age,Age Of No Justice,The Age Of Darkness and Blood The Age Of Cursed Life,and Empty Age As The Darkness Flies In The Sky The Angels Fall Salvation Dies And Nothing Remains The Day Of God Death Comes A Joy Begins With Pain And Suffer Praying To Anti Christ,Muhammad And Ibrahim The Lie Dies And Truth Packs Nothing Begins And Dumb Lands Then We Bleed,Scream,Tear Ourselves And Experience The Brutality At Least We Will Love The Darkness In This Storm Of Blood And Darkness Under The Sand i Will Lay Without A Fire In being and a Whispers At Night. In This Endless Hedge Where Is The Way Of Salvation? A Way To Run From Dirt A way To Run From Oppression The Last Hatch Of Light In Death Of Dark Eternity Voided By Hands Of The Hunters Of Due And No More I See Myself There Is No One Left With A White Halo Around Him But Mankind Grows Up In This Chaos And Palms The Life Like The Worms Torsion Around Themselves And Make Stairs By Their Corpses To Keep On Living But There Is No Return For This Way And At Last They Will Make A Mountain Of Doubles Facing Them A Black Mountain That In Top Of It's Peak They Palm The Light And Heaven,Eternal World,Imaginary World Will Be A Reflection Of Lie And Will Burn All The Truths From That Moment God Died In That Paradise Million Of Unknown Stars Shone To Tow A Name Like Mankind To Fierce Life Were Looking For An Eternal World Life Should Died In Stone Caves It Should Ended To Nothing And Who Am I? One Of The Million Unknown Stars My Thought Dry Like A Black I Dont See The Truth A Dream I Still Hunt The Blind Dots And Put Off The Veil Of Mankind From My Face I Am Deserved To Breath Oxygen My Inner Thoughts Reveals A Black Future And The Sun Which Wont Rise Tomorrow Everything Will Remain In Silence In A Cold Silence,In Peace In Darkness,In Nothing Like Being Born In Deep Vacuum To Reach Nothing To Myself,Me And Me I Still Struggle With Myself I Will Be Sacrificed For My Thoughts,knotted Thoughts And Ask My Self? Where Is The Way Of Freedom? In A Deep Silence,The Stones Sing Affection Was A Way For Hatred In The Night When Salvation Hang Honesty Was Crying The Sun Knew That It Could Never rise The Surging Rivers Stopped The Clouds Cried,The Earth Devoured It's Self Like Cosmos Was Dying The Winds Were Howling The Color Were Scattering The red Tears Dropped Suddenly I Was Facing Darkness And He Introduced Himself Awareness,A Creature Beyond Good and Bad. The Son Of Devil. And Ten Pains Became Visible. the troops of darkness fly high in the sky to a dark world where the blood of the victims is running a spelled an unholy territory and you walk on the graves of a thousand man from past to now. and you listen to dead earth's screams fell the darkness, feel the hatred this is a truth from inside of you this is a truth from within me oh, so dark and hateful so mighty and able the repeating sentences, repeating poems it is not a fucking dream this is the reveal of the despise and you feel it when you are drawn when looking at night's sky and celebrating the birth of humanity in the black holes of your being. who brings humanity to perfection? my hands or your will? the silent shouts of the earth's mothers? or the wondered philosopher of the recent century? or the wet cheeks of the hungry children? or the feeble screams of the misanthropes? or the tune of the old, fragile dying man? or this tiredness from the cruelty of life? who brings humanity to perfection? the civilized material worshiping man? it is the truth of mankind who lost the humanity and never comprehended perfection there is never a meaning for human because salvation is a meaningless phrase. I Am Standing In A Bright Circle I See An Of Reality A Shadow From Existential Originality Between Beyond And Truth Among Protected Minds I Can Smell The Dirt The Black Lines Of My Mind Are Chained I Hunt The Empty Spots And walk Alone Without Any Plans Without Any Veils I Go To No Where To A Pure Insanity Where The Evolution Alteration Is Apparent I Leave Fear To The Dusk I Merge In Myself I Banish Myself In A World Without Actors I Witness The Crumble Barrier I Can Smell The Dirt The Black Lines Of My Mind Are Chained A Midst The Arms Of Gods The Menial Gods In Face With Sin Falling Wait For Me But I'm Still Standing In The Bosom Of The Darkness Insanity Among The Existential Truth Of Mine In A Battle A Midst The Sick Minds I Have Nothing To Show The Beauty Answer Are Among The Shadows I'm Standing In a Bright Circle Between Beyond And Truth Among Protected Minds Maybe Should Go Back Wards the cursed nights remember me when the madness of ripping rooted in me the cursed nights remember me when the branches of hatred surrounded my throat the cursed nights remember me when the shadow were disgusted of themselves the cursed nights remember me when the color of white was broken when lights were dead lights were dead in the lagoons of darkness they were dying and the scars were crying all were repeating in the isolation of truth the dirty passages of humanity were destroying and I trundle in my blood in the midst of the dirts of humanity I rip my body where is hope? what is beautiful? when everything is stained everything falls when the human-like pigs butcher everything was dark from the beginning everything was misfortune and the cursed nights remember me when everything will be forgotten  Bearing at the edges of the world The hallowed arms of those Whom death hath struck down Warriors from the beyond In ranks both seen and unseen Of this the desolation Our enigmatic destiny Consecration Marching off to war Iron blood and blasphemy The unvanquished storm The war bringer unyielding Wield the greedy weapons Girded for battle Under victorious banner Ever more total Ever more occult Breaking the deafening silence My voice Lightning hammer of gods Uphold! Avenge! Arise! Blessed and bold ascension Like the firebearing star Through thousands of ordeals We are the sons of vengeance Cast them down Your cowardly impious eyes Our gate alone evokes A spell of destruction Our storm our war! Cut off your nose to spite your face You cannot deny your natural desires Sell the soul away parade into oblivion Depravity transgress swallow the fear Filth decay pollute the conscience From violence was creation derived Winds of change cannot awake paralyzed minds Their choking utterances asphixiated ENVENOMED Envenomed Mankind innate as one Embracing the heart within himself Machine of war dwells beneath the flesh Enraged possessed by hell Willing chaos self-destruction The nihilist awakes to dawn Entropic predatory force Abort this putrid corpse Copulate - decimate Kings shall spawn from the soiled corpses Crematory reign Masturbate - desecrate Seed of hate spilled forth Absolute pain Perversity cancerous devouring minds The black miasma intrigues me Nefarious lurid erotic deeds Drown in malevolent dreaming Rancid stench death foreboding interrupts the futile thought of life Curse eviscerate damnation Rigor mortis silences any outburst I am the warfare Blasting in from blazing horizons I am the abyssic lust Tasting blood from the lips of the dying Plague bearer World shatterer I am the reaper's blade Writhe sadistic merciless I am become death Caressed by pallid fingers I am the cruelty That chaos doth evoke Bearer of the black standard of war When abyss winds return Mountains smashed - crumble down Bring to boil a sickly sea Dance in the ashes of my enemies 10,000 years of victory Plague bearer World shatterer I am the flames That feast upon your fears I am the lingering coals Spawn of blessed cremation I am the malignant goal Hour funerary sacrifice A Phoenix born of the Fallen Age When abyss winds return In the mouth of the wolf I crush their execrations Sweating out the poison My skin crawls black with hate Fall to fire My vengeance burns across the sky The scent of war and women Black sullen thunder flames Revenge The taste is sweet Their salted tears The acrid smoke The smell of burning death Revenge My joyous feast I purge their souls I stoke the flames Inhale the burning death Statuesque and impure A cenotaph of treason Avenge my fallen breath A blood red crown my wrath My throne eclipses the heavens And storms above the stars Iron judgement handed down On wings of lightning death Holocaust Vengeance war Skin crawls black with hate Disaster Angelcorpse On wings of lightning death Lord of the funeral pyre Lord of my hate The frozen has lain forlorn too many ages Wasting away in the crucible of space Drawing down the hallowed darkness Arms outstretched embracing ecstacies of hate Black solstice Somber wings extinguish the sun Nocturnal unfurling Quenching stars one by one Vomit war crush the sacred heart of kindness Unholy raven spawned from dying dove of peace Freezing the light expunge the furnace flames Adoration of the prophetic release My immolation the final comet The hammer of damnation strikes Pounding the earth my anvil My life is to kill the light Find solace in the fact that Our pestis lays waste in both houses Neither blind reverence or stark denial Will alter the discipline of sterile beauty That follows in the wake of the prophetic sign And the deification of the strike of mailed fist As cleansing chaos steals the light The majestic darkness feeds My life is to kill the light The frozen has lain forlorn too many ages Wasting away in the crucible of space Drawing down the hallowed darkness Arms outstretched embracing ecstacies of hate Black solstice Somber wings extinguish the sun Nocturnal unfurling Quenching stars one by one I who wait and writhe and wrestle With air that hath no boughs to nestle My body weary of empty clasp Strong as a lion and sharp as an asp Give me the sign of the Open Eye And the token erect of the thorny thigh And the word of madness and mystery Scapegoat I am a man Do as thou wilt as a great god can I am awake In the grip of the snake The eagle slashes with beak and claw The gods withdraw The great beasts come Scapegoat Goat of thy flock I am gold I am god Flesh to thy bone - flower to thy rod Thrust the sword through the galling fetter With hoofs of steel I race on the rocks Through solstice stubborn to equinox All-devourer - all-bequetter And I rave And I rape and I rip and I rend Everlasting - world without end Scapegoat Firestorm within flesh Carnivorous limpid eyes Behind ecstatic lips The crush of breath expires Profanation - Violation Hammering down war Penetration - Suffocation Lust infernal storm Warhead weeping wound Orgasmic thrust one hundredfold Flagellate ripping spine One thousand cuts explode Lust infernal - soulflayer Blood exhale from back drawn lips Hammer bring down war Cruelty sucking at my steel Lust infernal storm Torment fluids burn Resurrect the suffering Laid down torn apart Soulflayer rises again Born of sin and sacrifice The tyrant seed of Germanicus Destined for kingdoms of slaughter Morbid revelations and incest A viper lurking in the bosom of Rome Wherefore forever stifles the light He who is fallen Witching swords and fratricide Immortalized - perversion enthroned Canonized - champion of ruin Serpent obscene - walls bleeding black Sadistic god - Caligula Walls bleed black with intrigue Beneath the throne of veneration Cruelty's banner full eclipse Success through suffocation Where brothers kill their fathers And murdered sons insist That the fallacy of loyalty Invokes a serpent's kiss Execute Praetorian master Sacrificial lamb Persecute - torment Blood stained hands Command the in name of Senate and the People Let Saturnalian rites be raised Uphold in desecrate mockery The rigors of defamatory praise Proud wives condemned to harlotry To the fornication of barbarism Wedded to the torture despicable acts Lust deviance and sadism Garden of earthly delights is mounting flames We are burning our way to paradise The lust for vengeance shall not despair Blood and sperm - agony War declared - now hear this Sodomy curse Fertile semen corrupted to vile seed Obelisk of swollen beauty Desperate ablution Pollution Disgrace wept bitter tears Spit wipes away but what of the shame Sodomy  The dream pervades mysterious and lewd I am One of Many offered unto thee Bearing proud the brand of sacreligion Sacrificed not in vain to Azazael Cast down from the Heavens yet never Fallen He - whom gods hath scorned Eden's imbecile perimeter ruptured I am of the Shining One Whip merciless their flesh Goad with firebrands Trumpet the advent of the bloodspray Enraptured by torment and flames Broken on the rack crush the cult of Nazarene My cup runneth over... Each Nazarene I kill Is one thorn more In the crown of their false saviour A king foresworn in a halo of flies Prostrate disciples of derisive subjection Their spirits exude deification of defeat A talisman profane - vile birthright borne Enslaving vigour as if nailed to a cross Scoff at this inheritance of wretchedness The Daimons erect shatter shackles of deceit Sons of Vengeance consecrate burning ways Wolves no longer in the guise of the weak Gammadion upon our shields The Conquerors draw nigh Pentagrammaton - ashes to dust Unbridled conflagrations purify Christhammer Swoon - poison souls procured Acknowledge the rot of divinity The dream pervades mysterious and lewd I am One of Many offered unto thee Bearing proud the brand of sacreligion Sacrificed not in vain to Azazael Cast aside despair in chaos consecrate For visions become truth in wakefullness The seeming sorrows that mark my face With head held high are tears of joy I am the spear in the wound of christ Corvus corax descending Through ashes smoke and pain Stark sepia sigil of strength The revealing stench of victory Lycanthropic ripping death A baptism in annihilation Drips from the jaws and howls An ultimate oblivion conceived Wartorn... A solution for flesh and bone The morbid throne the strong revere With genocide Our might makes right Where charnal houses Leer at the world Where crown and cudgel Ferocity Rains from the skies Withered rotted bodies unburied Lay piled in stacks instead Vermin swarm and vultures gather To feast upon the dead Anthemic holocaust and hate Stern lord of war and vengeance Rough beast slouching eternal Resolves the world to dust again Wartorn... Beasts of prey strike with lightning speed Wagons of war collide Metallic plague armored locusts drive Into the storm of steel Exterminate - feed the battlefield hunger With honor that is loyalty unto death Cauldrons swarming spearhead boiling over The ironmonger's engines roar Motorized slaughter panzers smash Reliquary immemorial of runic conquest Wincing crablike across a scarred land Into the storm of steel Bombs flagellate as poisoned rain Corrosives soaking deep The skin of earth erupts in sores Wounds and filth unending Winged death - spurting flames vilify Splatter the Whore of Armageddon Gutteral ejaculate - mummifying rust Disintegrating bones to dust Exterminate - feed the battlefield hunger With honor that is loyalty unto death Cauldrons swarming spearhead boiling over The ironmonger's engines roar Petals ripen glisten with yearning Sanctified vessel inflamed Fervent fingers twitch the gulf is closed Envelop the pillar of alabaster Cockroach entrenches in some awful orifice Excavating living tissue Barbaric caress - greased up and slick pain scraping a backwards bending Clamps smear open a warm paradise Ribcage and vertebral column contracted tight Bars stretched beneath the skin Lips pulled back and drawn for curing Penetrate - probing swollen infestation Fisted into comprehension Rigid so to bend contorted and suffer Straight jacket of sadism Phallelujah Sanguinary rite of passage Sweet tongues of fire Phallelujah Paroxims of union Phallelujah Judas tongue scrapes spit Bites the hand that feed it Infectious features baring cracked teeth Bleeding gums of joy Phallelujah... Flaying souls breach the vestal wall Chorus of angels consortium of pain Enriched blood of freshly esoterica Mingles with man in fluid form Outpouring thrust pelvic abominations Thick film of sweat grim lubrication Soon to suckle maggots at her breasts Celebrate the palsied throes of innocence Phallelujah... In the dancing blaze of world cremation Ashes usurp the thrones of untruth In the glowing funeral pyres Where shadows and smoke no longer betray Furnace fired - matter laid bare The true nature of existence Reap the whirlwind Mercifully engulf the current universe Reap... Reap the whirlwind Unfetter a seedling chaos to spawn Strip away the artificial mantle The veneer that pompously claims That this world is worthy of salvation Self satisfaction - armageddon For that is all we can ask for Every leader a fool with a facade Every holy man a sinner Every love a selfish lust Every war an orgy of laughter Every living creature a cancer A defilement - this flesh corrupts Reap... All truth is fabrication Almighty hallowed nothingness All paths spiral downwards All answers winged lies All questions should be phrased with axes Indulge celebrations enshrined in blood Astride the inexorable Jericho's wall shall crumble divine Grasp the horns of the Dragons of Chaos Furious we ride... Lascivious - that which lies upon A chimera of orgiastic buggery Sodomite pedophile gaping welterd cunt The tenderness of little girls is not unknwown to me Ripping sacred vestments - venereal debauch Frozen phalanx thrusts Dampened walls summmon hallucinations Erupting wicked cold that burns like fire Daughters of joy await the vulgar visitation Depravity nocturnal - emissive lusts they crave Inject impurity filth and fornication A winged satyr raping unsullied maids A lewdness flailing enter clubbing whip Bestial defloration serpent riding virgin whores Their bloodied gates wide open for all to see Into the realm (of the) despicable unborn Urinary baptism and licked clean Eat until it poisons me Enslaved to those fleshly folds Erected into bleakness Unchaste phantasmagoria The salacious sordid pulse prevails Corrupting every orifice Greedy for love This flesh corrupt On bestial bloodstained wings Rites of disgust The incubus obscene Lascivious - that which lies upon A chimera of orgiastic buggery Sodomite pedophile gaping welterd cunt The tenderness of little girls is not unknwown to me A lewdness flailing enter clubbing whip Bestial defloration serpent riding virgin whores Their bloodied gates wide open for all to see Into the realm (of the) despicable reborn What is to be of this pestilience That makes empires tumble like tears The dust of millenia - fallen ages Staunches the flow of dawning horizons Obscuring - While the days crumble as their hours unfold A sensual swooning - prophetic mocking As the soils swallow the seeds of the past Each one of us to his own Embrace Drowning in hallowed solitude Swallowing the void The pallid hope revealed at last Embrace *Why should I fret in microcosmic bonds That chafe the spirit and the mind repress When through the clouds gleam beckoning beyonds Whose shining vistas mock man's littleness?* Throw off those shackles of sufferance This penance of one thousand ordeals I wield the scepter of destiny Choose the means of my own death Give me both nails and a hammer Harness those ecstasies of death Prostrate myself on cruciform At last... With swift feet I made my way Helmed by a cacophony of despair Deaf to the legacy of youthfullness And beauty and joy since pined away Yet now a rush falls upon my ears Of dripping - whispering words The hole of emptiness I pour through Unveils the caress from far beyond Now no longer can I ignore What goes before has gone again The silence of immorality Satisfied with this one fell step Plunge beneath the waters - The freezing embrace of the goddess of death Awake! Sons of Vengeance rise Rub the dust of twenty centuries from your eyes Fashion your being: ploughshares into weapons of war Today we conquer the self - tomorrow the world Men of war defiant - to ashes fall the gods Apocalyptic deeds - fierce archonic might A knell a pall masking honored rites of spring The empyreal majesty of abyss winds An affirmation of struggle Like wolves closing in for the kill Making holy our war immortal this glorious night A brotherhood of iron - falling in we march Shout into the star shattered Dawn... We are Sons of Vengeance Blessed and bold Reborn in hate Fingers of scorn fists of furious destruction Discipline of steel beyond the roar of all war Unleashed lightning storm brigades to be Powerful creative joyous and free  Fierce - steel eyed devils For whom the sun never sets Proud - Iron youth Of the noble cultures of the past Striding - like greyhounds keen Where glory beckons Tough as burnished leather And hard as Krupp's steel The standard raised we wait Our comfort - in readiness The stoicism of the elite Prepared for the assault at dawn Elegant - obdurate hearts A Volk of purity and vigor Wicked weapons and armed encampment A phalanx of spears - of dispassion Bristling - furor teutonics A steed spurred ever onwards Action and instinct befitting In the shadow of the sword The standard raised we wait Our comfort- in readiness The stoicism of the elite Prepared for the assault at dawn Death's head empire Stormgods unbound The shores of space shall not define Nor walls thrown up enclose our vault And as if borne from distant stars We rage against the bastion of That which is still unshattered Fierce- steel eyed devils For whom the sun never sets Proud-Iron youth Of the noble cultures of the past Emblazoned- emboldened We heathens wild Stormgods unbound Beholden to none Sun wheels expansive Through thunder and blood bold Weltmacht oder niedergang The heaven's charges struggle Eternally unfold... Stormgods Unbound Chaos infinite- majesty of execration Squatting proud upon the throne of abomination Death profane burns bright- supreme Consuming foetid flesh of the nazarene Rites of scourge- immolated flesh Imbibe the sorrow storm of impiety A serpent entwined in the horns of the goat Of withered angels wretched debris Smoldering... Tyrant of solitude and desolate beauty The scaled and blooded claws of the mighty A king for kings to victory betrothed Vestige of mercy with filth befouled Winged shadow simulacrum Tenebrous dirge- ensanguined drums of war Iron, blood and blasphemy affirmation With grinning sepulchre as altar He who leaps the loftiest of mountains Pride and proscription now abhorred Smoldering in exile- eternal Azazael: awful lord The flesh of Besz- venom of Apophrasz The Dragon steed of the Scarlet Fornicatrix Behold magnificence: Mega Therion Six hundred and sixty six An iron helm on horned brow crowning A warlord wreathed bold with lightning Obsidian splendor- of starless purity The bringer enflamed of dawns and destiny Of strength, cloven stature and wisdom unknown The wellspring from which all blasphemies flow The sadistic triumph for which I yearn The mighty inferno in which I burn... Smoldering in exile Total war witchery damned conjuration Leather winged covens of death scar the skies Rivers of fire, blood and defamation Bloated seas of rage steep fearless eyes Demonthrong clatter on cloven hoof Ten thousand exterminating angels War vomits writhe lust up in the throat Rended bodies become one with the soils Bestial storm of mutilation Reaver Hail blasphemic revelation Wicked regent ascends beyond The crimson breath of chaos A pestilential gloaming Borne on scorpion winds Reaver... Total war witchery damned conjuration Leather winged covens of death scar the skies Rivers of fire, blood and defamation Bloated seas of rage steep fearless eyes Obey commands of ritual malevolence Death and life perverse unite in infamy The cursed few- proud bestial saviors Rapture: the rancid flocks perish in vain Bestial storm of mutilation Reaver Suckled at the teat of the she-wolf I was born in the light of the gibbous moon Fathered by vengeance and carnal lust Unholy matrimony of blood and sperm Wolflust Shape shift moonlight feral scent Spurting frothing seed raracious dread Terror bathing ensanguined venom flows Parting the flesh of the daughters of men Wolflust Beast of raping blood Pillaging unclean desire Loathsome hellhound nightmare of death Where shadows fall-beware Twilight unscathing Bloodbath infant rending A spell a cry from limb from limb Enter on all fours the witch The hunger slaked my loins now spent Silence entombs save for the howling of the damned Hell has fufilled my blackened destiny Bestial deeds of hell paced death There once was a blue-gray wolf Whom destiny ordained warrior king of the world Born to the saddle- blacksmith- tyrant to be In the great valley of Gurvan Nuur Storming with mane of flame and blood red A forging of empire, the horder enthroned Grim century of cruelty, of scourge and war A man of his time- only more... Horsemen merciless from the open steppe Whirlwinds of destruction A warlord's pursuit of unbridled joy Of revenge so sweet and subjugation And for those chafed at the yoke Blazing arrows, human shields, burning bones Innocents slaughtered and crushed Bloodthirsty orgies of extermination His was the roar of the king of beasts Of typhoons- and fallen kingdoms and kind Of ravening- as predator to prey And of fiercest lightnings divine He was the punishment (meted out) by th gods The sanguinary one who scorned defeat Torn bodies of women, weeping and wailing Flames devouring the vanquished Samarkand, Bukhara, Nishapur, Merv A hundred thousand heads rolling in the dust Oceans of sacrilege raged and rushed Eternal sadism's only law Rape and conquest Cities to the sword Atrocity massacre Temujin "As a bow lusting for its arrow And an arrow lusting for its star With an eagle's talons grasping new life As a roaring wind that blows my soul bright For it is blessedness to impress one's hands Upon millennia as on wax To etch ideas into men as on steel and stone" His was the roar of the king of beasts Of typhoons- and fallen kingdoms and kind Of ravening- as predator to prey And of fiercest lightnings divine There once was a blue-gray wolf Whom destiny ordained warrior king of the world Born to the saddle- blacksmith- tyrant to be In the great valley of Gurvan Nuur Storming with mane of flame and blood red A forging of empire, the horder enthroned Grim century of cruelty, of scourge and war A man of his time- only more... Rape and conquest Cities to the sword Atrocity massacre Temujin Vielfour fiery Four corners race- stretch infinity Cataclysms celebrate A whirling soul ablaze with spirited gleam A silence made sullen by the lightning's voice Four armed comet scrapes a spiritless earth Scream eternal void Spinning firey cycles in uncorrupt space The whimpering age of plead dissipates Superseding failed flesh Epochal sorrows unformed yet ripening Smoke ebbing rays of their dying son Slintering suns in the abyss Wheeling Four evolve into Fifth Dull clay and (matter) grey made ambient Fourth season's funerary call to rebirth Obeisant before blind eyes Darkness and light untethered Morality and law fall away Save that which flows from the chariot of flame Stigmata immeasurable As if from the very heavens And seas of carnage lap cruel and cold Upon still shores Solar Wills From beyond the starry chasm The stirrings of genocide unfurl Commanding swine to the abattoir Laying in wait for the rays of the sun A silence made sullen by the lightning's voice Four armed comet scrapes a spiritless earth From beyond the multitude of stars Arktos ouros- lotus petals unfurled Portal to the vault of sun and lightning Zeta Ursa Majoris- arms outstretched Wheel to the chariot of the nightsky Gammadion give us our strength- begotten Through blood and flame In iron embrace The prophesied sign in the heavens A balance of firebolts and solar virtues The glyph of creation- father of all The Phoenix purifies- ashes to the wind Cleaves through the darkness of matter Hail the death defiant- Vindex arise! Begotten Pregnant lightning shatters frozen joy Foul frost creates from that which destroys In iron embrace Through blood and flame Yet the memories endure Of the final Avatara Through the flames of the great end Where lightning rains from the heavens And glory wakes to walk proud Through rites ripe with blood and faith Upon inviolate mountain peaks Where shines the rising sun Begotten (through blood and flame) In iron embrace Begotten Dash against the rocks the sickling and his cries Break the back of the steed upon you ride Boiling bodies of water, to glass the sand And may mother's breasts shrivel and dust Tongues shall be cut from gaping mouths For I voice a culling course towards desolation Yet those chained to their own foul flesh Know only obsolescence- their nakedness Push the rabble back, to the victor come the spoils Work to certain death the labor that toils Bloat and putrefy that which flowers And tear from womb the bleating babe The blind and wretched shall be left to rot The diseased and alme dispatched Give me your sick, your meek, your lowly For I will kick the dogs when they are down For I am the inferno And you the kindling you the fuel And I am the vulture Feasting on your idols of flesh I am the shepherd and you my flock The lightning strike that splits the rock For I am wrath- vindication And the world my abattoir Visions of war dreams of anger ectasy A maelstorm of flame infernos of might Lightning phallus crack of thunder roars A lion in furious fight Cleansing fire insatiable cleaving sword The fall of the idols of flesh The stellar winds beneath my wings Are purest vengeance The firestorms within my eyes Black purest hate Of blood unvanquished blasphemies My will: one voice With strike of tumult- aftermath In withered flesh rejoice For I am the inferno And you the kindling you the fuel And I am the vulture Feasting on your idols of flesh I am the shepherd and you my flock The lightning strike that splits the rock For I am wrath- vindication And the world my abattoir  Antichrist! Hail Blasphemy Geared for battle This call to arms, wrath and war Victory or death is on the march Antichrist allegiance the only law Assail the gates of hypocrisy Wield the weapons of Antichrist Destroy ideologies of excrement Antichrist Vanguard Heretic pact attack of steel Eradication of false culture Liquidation of the slave creed Annihilation - vae victis Like a sun drenched black with angel's blood My hate burns fierce and proud My heart and kind seek retribution And the sight of human vermin crucified Antichrist! King of slaves Plains of the impaled Blood stained temples Horizons ablaze Ensanguined blades of execration Blackened fields of decimation Wield the weapons of Antichrist Destroy ideologies of excrement Hail Blasphemy Geared for battle This call to arms, wrath and war Victory or death is on the march Antichrist allegiance the only law Annihilation - vae victis Like a sun drenched black with angel's blood My hate burns fierce and proud My heart and kind seek retribution And the sight of human vermin crucified The maps of old are broken here In spirit and in flesh Excise the notions of obeisance And oblivion from the body, mind, soul Eclipse the claws of indoctrination Smash the foes of the faustian flam The lightning leaps upon my brow Horned helm black infernal names Hail the temple of the self - triumphant Hail the elite breed of man Unvanquished heathendom paramount Crush the contagion of Christendom For this iron folk spearheads destiny Cursing dispatching that which pollutes March under command of the conquering Strike with stalwart vengeance absolute Antichrist vanguard advance Spilling the blood of matyrs and slaves Credo decimatus Machinery of the cleansing Decay and degradation dwell amongst us Machinery of the cleansing Sepsism swells the flock obscene Machinery of the cleansing... Antichrist vanguard advance Spilling the blood of matyrs and slaves Credo decimatus Machinery of the cleansing The maps of old are broken here In spirit and in flesh Excise the notions of obeisance And oblivion from the body, mind, soul For this iron folk spearheads destiny Cursing dispatching that which pollutes March under command of the conquering Strike with stalwart vengeance absolute Machinery of the cleansing... Accane occltism inscribed in blood Black arts summon spirits burn within Arise incubi and succubi Dmps of the perverse delight in sin Victorious poisoned ecstasies Tenebrous wings enshroud proclaim Evoking the wan beholder of the night Lust impiety bestial faith Tragos aperdiomenos La'ir L'azazael Lasus Luciferi La'ir L'azazael Necromancy from dammation's depths Exalted invocations praise Blasphemous orgiastic doom cult Withered bands of glory blaze Guardians of the sado catechism Sorcery of high proscription Zealous disciples thou shalt suffer Abhorrence abyssic Desolation Hexensabbat Daughters of Lilith plummet ever downwards Black hearts befoul the wound of Christ Darkness Drowning witchery crowning Hexensabbat Frozen semen frozen stars Frozen spears of destiny Hexensabbat blood of menses frozen semen frozen stars frozen spear of destiny hexensabbat Goat of mendes... Two warring Dragons and Destinies War Vultures circle strike endlessly Grim Demolition shrieking without mercy Spitting steel and slaughter at prey Decapitated armor broken and battered Stirring the cauldron smashing to the ground Infernal ordinance settles like atomic winters Shall shocked crews scuttle skeletal remains Iron Litany Bloody Destiny War is King and father of all Whirlwinds of smoke and razorfire Nest of machineguns incendiaries blaze Men Thrust lurching morbid beyond life Battering bluntly as beast to the grave Decimation from the skies blooded torn asunder Attack attack under withering fire Advance into cannot splintered Serpents of Demise Machines devour men stoke The Ritual funeral pyre Iron Litany bloody Destiny War is king and father of all Iron Litany bloody destiny Extermination Sworn We can see now for the first time The fundmental things that matter in life Things that have been obscured from our vision By the apathy of affluence The great flood of luxury and sloth Which baf submerged the land is receding And a new nation is rising Through the turmoil of the battlefield The brotherhood of the people will be strengthened And a common desire created To uplift our folk from this diseased age The great flood of luxury and sloth Which bad submerged the land is receding And a new nation is rising Another Rome is crumbling another day is done Another darkness reckons beyond the setting Sun What bleak and barren berald holds Empires to their end While the Resolute and stalwart March out to certain death... Masturbating nun's choir sour and stained Strains of bymns and bymens ablaze Dammation Discharged from vessels unsung The suffocating reels of heavenly cunts Habits befouled puritanical Salvation libation gasping for air Speaking in tongues the body of Christ Communion servicing on their knees Belvet walled vagina Swallows rood and rosary The word made flesh Pounds frenzied in rectum divine Impales mons venus devoured crucifix Golden fluids streaming into profaned pyr The three in one trinity ityphallic bost Fellatio insatiable in greedy throats Elilepsia feverish caterchismal sodomy Crimson tears awakened forsaken enjoyed Sulphurous flames shudder on bare breasts The kingdom of heaven in every orfice Belvet walled vagina Swallows rood and rosary The word made flesh Pounds frenzied in rectum divine Baptism by ejaculation Blood and offal flow free Bolutuous supplication Saints of Blasphemy Predating Black wolf six thrice Malefacting Gloria in excelsis Formicating Destilence arise Coagulating Gloria in excelsis Filth faith disease both rot their flesh Condeemed to writhe in wretchedness Stench of salvation delerium obsessed Funereal paean and noisomeness.... Thrall idealogical termites Thrall Chandala parasites Thrall Destilential slave creed Thrall Inferior scum breed The evilfire has rotten from inside Human maggots spawned into files Herb mentality the rabble in control feasting on the feces of existence Bermin crawling Filth in its highest form One can lead a beast to water But it can't be forced to drink Thrall Deification of Decay Thrall Morbid Mediocrity Thrall Degeneration divine Thrall Absolution genocide Wretched iniquitous wastes Cadaverous flesh disgraced Banquished for lack of will Enslaved the decrepit dwell idealogical termites Ibanbala parasites Destilential slave creed Inferior scum breed Deification of decay Morbid mediocrity Degenration Divine Absolution genocide One can lead a beast to water But it can't be forced to Drink.... Monolithic hate Diabolos crowned The synagogue of Satan nativity in black Semen datura Tetragrammaton defiled Sattaru seirizziim the serpent's path Revel in slaughter fall to fornication Imbibe the poisons of shadow and plague Lord of the world ‒ Pater Tenebrarum Resurrect the throne of solitude and death Arise great Mother of Abomination Grim anointing desolation made flesh Inquisition bloodletting scepters of demise Awaken ruination degradation and doom Invoke the fiendish flames of malediction Shining One (Rex Luciferi) Plunge the depths of Satan Satyrs dance and howl Shining One (Rex Luciferi) Opus dei ‒ Jehovah hung with nails Pallid crucifixion symbol of defeat Scourge sadistic the Nazarene slave Sever the seraph's golden wings Sacrilege stalks bloodied streets Paved with the bones of the dead Burn to ash the tree of life Indulge Babylon with sodomy... In the name of nihilism I watch her face turning blue Porcelain demeanor under cellophane Hate unleashed depravity and pain Her screams are charnel house symphonies Death chamber dirges grinding bones to dust I believe in desecration Lustmord Auto asphyx self stimulation Weltering in torment flesh and terror With every ecstasy aflame alive Struggles subside she resigns to die Rigor mortis cold flesh stiffening Post mortem desecration Carving the flesh raping angel's souls Defile disembowel dissection Mutilate triumphant shibari in blood Piano wire ligature body disfigured Pleasures horrendous grim lost gasps Torn genitalia garotted suspended Danse macabre I smash forbidden tombs To manifest my sadism my morbid fantasies Evoking obscene wills in the cemetery of my mind To torture murder rape to purge humanity I believe in desecration Lustmord In the name of nihilism I watch her face turning blue Porcelain demeanor under cellophane Hate unleashed depravity and pain Decimation prowling violating Any open window any open house Lacerating masturbating suffocating Black seed of hate spills from her mouth...  Smash you up, I'm going to let you down Make you regret, I'm warning you You better run Far as you can Show me what you got There's someone who's sorry But I am not Quit waiting for apologies Show me what you got I've been your fool a time or two But not this time I'm going to dig a hole and Throw your love inside And let it rot Beat my brain, take my life Make me pay, pay the price I'm bad, no good news There's nothing left that you can do There's a grave and it says my name Life is cheap Beat my brain with dirty sex Take the risk, take my breath I'm bored, bored with you There's nothing left that you can do Standing on the edge, anticipating death of my pain Terrified Don't leave me on a fence to die I've been holding on and on Shed my skin, I'm coming out Pressure To be this way forever Don't want to turn you on and on Shed my skin, I'm coming out I'm burning with loss Take my love, dust it off I'm terrified of the pressure Squeeze and bleed You pull the rug from under me I can't eat, I can't sleep Draining the tears from out of me I have so much to live for baby Please don't hex me with your love I said "hello" She says "hi" Then she penetrates my body When she reaches deep inside I've got to go She gets high When I penetrate her body I reach so deep inside I want to be your stepping stone It's alright, I think it's cool Everybody somebody's fool I don't want to be alone I want to be your stepping stone You've got it inside you You've got that poison Feels like I'm going to lose my mind It makes me scream, it makes me cry I feel the sickness grow From my head to toe And in my lonely bones I've got to find a way to get it out It makes me scream, it makes me shout Suck it out I need you to suck it out of me Time is running out Poison is inside of me This one is a big one So ill love you Like no one else could ever love you Let me be your big one too Don't want to be the lonely one Let me be your only one Let me be your big You set me up to knock me down When I needed you, you were nowhere around You want it, you got it bad I hope I could help you  I’ve been working hard, working hard up to now But now you kick my ass Put me down, on the street I’m sleeping on the sidewalk Got no food for tomorrow And if I stole an apple I’d be damned in your eyes But I’ll come back Some day, one day Got to debt to pay I’ll come back Don’t look around Some day, one day I’ll be standing there When I’m back I’ve bled my hands to repair your big car Working night and day To make your ship and your steel You said I’m no one without your help I’ll show you soon That I’m not your fool You’re down on me Screwed my brain, till it hurt You broke my soul, ‘cause I needed a job But you must realize you drove me insane You can’t go this way any longer anymore It must happened in another time In another place called ‘FAAR’ The sky was red and cloudless Darkness blocked out the stars It was a time of pain and death When only the bad did survive When you had, what you possessed Was a weapon and your life Just a few were strong enough To play the deadly game Against the legions of death The legions of destruction It must happened in another time In another place called ‘FAAR’ A bloody tyrant Leads the fates of ‘FAAR’ The legions obey his command To spread his reign of terror Up and down the land At the risk of their lives Hit and run in the night At the risk of their lives Sworn to die, kill and fight He’s just a gambler Like everybody, too He plays in smoky backrooms He plays the odds like you All he trusts is luck His only guarantee He gambler till the end He looses more than he will ever win (He plays like you like me) GAMBLER – you’re playing with fire GAMBLER – it’s a cheaters liar GAMBLER – you stake all you got GAMBLER – this game is too hot This game is too hot Win Lose Inside & cage Win Loose You’ll win no gain The trick of a card You hold in your hand May blind your eyes When you have an ace Then you need a spade Don’t play with fire Fighting my fight to survive I’ll never compromise I’ll take your lives You better get out of my way I’ll go through hell I’ll fight till the end I’m ready to strike I’ll make you run You’ll run for your life But you cannot hide This is the fighters return Cities will burn Watch out I’ll be bullet in your heads You cannot provoke me any longer You screwed me up, now expect my revenge You brought that shit upon you I’m your executioner And my wrath will be my gun I’ll make no prisoners I will make you run I asked for your help But you pushed me back I needed your love You offered me hate I’m only defending my life You want to destroy me forever See the light of oppression Talk to the witches because We’ve broken the sword of salvation Finery rain is falling No one knows how it will be In disaster and disease Atomic Roar Destroying the souls Destroying their lives March of the night Marches on Who can stop him riding? See the circles of his bows Death of steel and iron Blowing like a storm Enemies of living black Children of their souls Burning back you and me Who want to be free? Darkness comes before midnight Fire burning out of hell Have you seen the nation? Here comes atomic roar No one knows how it will be In disaster and disease Atomic Roar Destroying the souls Destroying their lives March of the night Marches on See the light of oppression Talk to the witches because We’ve broken the sword of salvation Finery rain is falling No one knows how it will be In disaster and disease Atomic Roar Destroying the souls Destroying their lives March of the night Marches on Who can stop him riding? See the circles of his bows Death of steel and iron Blowing like a storm Enemies of living black Children of their souls Burning back you and me Who want to be free? He comes out from nowhere To seize power for himself He knows how to seize the might Enough power to start the fight It’s exactly the right time To realize his plans Plans for another world war Now he sees his chance Madness – he is totally insane Madness – the only word to describe this man Madness – only few know what he’s gonna do Madness – but its too late No one can stop him on his way to the top Not many foresee the disaster But their hands – are bound And their mouths – have been shut By the legions of all around We’re all going to be Victims of Madness Victims of Madness again Madness – again there’ll be total war Madness – death in the atomic roar Millions – destroyed in a senseless war Millions – crippled by a degrading life He comes out upon us from the void To seize the power to himself He knows the way to occupy the might Enough power to start a global fight He’s promising heaven but he’s planning hell His promising visions, put them all under spell Marching for Revenge You never asked me if I wanted to be born And now you tell me how I ought to live Right from the start you had your plan Had it all planned from the beginning to the end I must do what you demand from me You give me (the) orders – and I have to obey But it can’t go on that fucking way Time has come for me to break the chains To bring it to an end Fighting for my rights Fighting to cut my ties It’s time to start my life anew I have my own schemes I don’t need your rules Unlimited freedom will never exist But after your patter I don’t wanna live I must do what you demand from me You give me (the) orders – and I have to obey (But) I’m not the only one who hates to live that way Time has come for us to break the chains Marching for revenge To bring it to an end Fighting for our rights Fighting to cut our ties I don’t wanna live without a future and aim I make my own rules just for my own game I don’t care what you think about this It’s just my own game I don’t wanna miss  There is a land in the middle east region ruled by black gold and a crazy religion There is a satan with certain charisma he instigates thousands to play the Kamikaze game the tyrant has the power of words His bible is built on barbaric foundations laws from a forgotten century that live again to die is a straight way to glory Black widows march proclaim their own slavery and even children grow to fighters in war David fights Goliath Uncle Big Satan the banner of the holy warblood for bloodlife for life Mr Inferno he is responsible makes the blood boil in the veins of his land Mr. Inferno he is responsible Holding the lifes of his man in his hands A hellish old man plans the overkill riot he letz his land bleed till end in a war for his pride it's his demonstration of might The distinguised expression on face of the old man his hiding ideas full of madness for adamned deadly game We won't retain to fight it back save the ballance land he rules We'll hold the power on the border they've sworn the oat hand die on his order Mr. Inferno he is responsible makes the blood boil in the veins of his land Mr. Inferno he is responsible Holding the lifes of his man in his hands So it's destroyed the work of a century the iron towers melt down in the fire of hate No survivor in a war out of gain pain or glory described in the book of all fates Mr. Inferno he is responsible makes the blood boil in the veins of his land Mr. Inferno he is responsible Holding the lifes of his man in his hands He is responsible Can you hear the rolling thunder pounding through the sky gods revenge will always find you when you hide in the night there is no forgiveness for you when you pray down on your knees you've got to fight to fight the slavery in the bad dimension heat You've got wingswings of an angel yeah you've got wings wings of an angel To take you to the stars to take you on your last fight they're taking you so high higher & higher & higher & higher & higher taking you higher taking you high Then you meet the evil wizzard to sell him heart and soul you should escape from this dimension before you're getting cold there'll be no forgiveness for you when you pray down on your knees and when the angels sing of glory you're lost in deepest haze To take you to the stars to take you on your last fight they're taking you so high higher & higher & higher & higher & higher taking you higher taking you high Thunderbolts are striking your sword with golden blade you feel you bleed so badly but you're fighting till the end there is no forgiveness for you when you pray down on your knees and when the angels sing of glory you're lost in deepest haze You've got wings wings of an angel yeah you've got wings wings of an angel Wings of an angel taking you high to the sky Wings of an angel so you can fight the slavery Rising from the night of time rising from damnation growing furtive to old size a thousand years old nation Finding victims for their "Reich" the lands' got a lot of strangers they call back the crystal night to burn the war creation In a land where neighbours are stranger sand misleaded feel caled for avenger sin a land with blood covered history Then the last man of their kind finished life in prison he's a martyr for their aims started killing seasons Now they march the insane hords call the "Neo-Nation" again the right hands risen high a skinny revelation In a land where neighbours are stranger sand misleaded feel caled for avenger sin a land with blood covered history Back to the dark Rising their hands higher Back into the past from the night of time Banned graphitti on the walls words of hate and murder waiting for their masters call back in line and order In a land where neighbours are strangers Back to the dark Rising their hands higher Back into the past from the night of time Back to the dark Rising their hands higher Back into the past from the night of time Seventh day restless I wait yes I wait for the right word twelve o'clock this is my time time to change to the nightbird and like a snake I am winding myself into tight jeans the look on my face's gonna make all the girls know what I mean I come in the music stops and you see everyone turning then I walk cool as I can straight to the bar and start smoking I feel hot looks in my back and I'll soon chose my victim I am the king and my right is to show you what I need You know here I am again it's my show now I'm back on the road so show action and go I think of the time that I waisted how can you tell till you've tasted? Why nobody told me I'm wrong I can not be can not be king all my life My straight face is lying about motions that live in my heart like a figure of stone I am waiting for you to start You know here I am again it's my show now I'm back on the road I think of the time that I waisted how how can you tell till you've taisted? why nobody told me I'm wrong I can not be can not be king all my life You're running into tragedy signs announcing danger for your life will end in agony and your bodies will decay to dust Dust you are created of and eternal laws can never change change in our universe dust to dust decays You'll roast in flames with the soals fo no name your bones burste under mountains of bones A voice from some whereis calling your name when you're in league with the gods Pray Or to dust you will decay pay attention to my warning Pray Or to dust you will decay on a painfull morning To dust you will decay Everything that you achieved all you tried has been in vain you're treated with indignity somewhere in a nowhere you will fight for the right to survive don't blasphemise the holy signs who will you bein the judgment of gods after the night when you'll die who will you bein the judgment of gods after the night when you'll die Pray Or to dust you will decay pay attention to my warning Pray Or to dust you will decay on a painfull morning To dust you will decay you will decay Somewhere on a border forced to march in line and order looo men in greedy hands Lured with hope for future pressed in contracts leaving them no chance but to leave their land They're nameless young men bleeding their hands on the edge of life and they feel the hate treated like slaves There's a shanty village where they are folded in dirt dirt and a mess intimidations breaking the free will of men free will of men free will of men Stranger Stranger from a foreign land Somewhere in a office noble looking and expensive accepted by a corrupt state Stranger Stranger from a foreign land Locked in a cage tied with invisible chains on iron walls of pain faces expressing their torture denying their age 1000 years reflected in mirrors of eyes and brain flowing rage a rage crushing in fragments past recorgnition their mind Stranger Stranger from a foreign land Stranger Stranger from a foreign land Back to back here we stand our guns they are ready and loaded ten steps forward and then turn the strike of the bullets will hurt you Eye to eye with icecold looks that make you feel there is danger they have might to hypnotize and they will never release you You search for the stronger you search for the truth you're searching so long wasting your youth Fight it out if you search for the stronger fight it out if you search for the truth fight it out if you search for the stronger fight it out if you search Search for the stronger of two Keep cool bleed and fight your fear Success's laying only in your hands just try hard the end is near your name will be sung through the lands You search for the stronger etc ... Fight it out if you search for the stronger fight it out etc ... You ride on a silver spider captured in his net and your prince rides beside you he knows no way to help You walk through tubes of mistery you see light at the end but when you reach the exit your're cought by thousand hands You ride on a silver spider captures in his net and your prince rides beside you he knows no way You fall pictures create the lies You fall but your mind denies Hold on don't you lose your dreams Hold on save your fantasy Hold on every nightmare's got an end don't you lose your dreams tonight In the night You sail on a purple ocean the wind inflates your wings burned by an old emotion your wooden sailboat sinks When flames of memory touch you you'll see they've burned so long and deep in a nest in side you another dream is born You fall ... Hold on ... You ride on a silver spider ... Hold on don't you lose your dreams Hold on save your fantasy Hold on every nightmare's got an end Hold on save your fantasy Hold on save dreams for me Hold on every nightmare's got an end  I'm trying to think But I can't catch my thoughts Confusion is reigning my mind The void in your word Should cause me to fear The coldness is getting near Clear my eyes Let me see I'm going to lose my aim Show me the sense The propecies are raining, down from the sky But answers are not to be found The longing for something that we cannot find Uncovers our fatal disguise Clear my eyes Let me see I'm going to lose my aim Show me the sense Let me fall Let me dream - of beauty and truth - Let me feel Let me see - the border of reality Now that we all have percieved our fate Reality lies and the lie lives in me Is it all over or will it go on I'm surewe have nothing to fear How do you feel, do you feel real good? Well, I do not believe Cos you seem to be someone else Than you pretend to be Something crept into your mind Nimble as a snake It sells you shit for truth And you'll never recognice No more ....... Do you wonder all the pain That is hidden within steel I'll tell you for nothing You only fear yourself No more ................. no more faith Love or hatred Pain or pleasure No escape from your sentimental treasures Better face the truth All the money that you spend For beautycreams and masks Will never ever hide the scars That lies left on your face No more .................. no more faith No more .................. no more faith Listen my children, Listen what your lord's gonna say I hear you praying me day by day I know that you believe in me, the only truth You're the deciples of knowledge All elder and youth And I will eat up your minds And swollow your souls There ain't no escape From the mechanical claws I'm just your only nightmare Etched in your mind I'm just your only nightmare And I'll be back night after night Listen everyone To what your lord's gotta say There ain't no sinners You all know waht is to do And I'll will eat up your minds And swallow your souls There ain't no escape From the mechanical claws I'm just your only nightmare Etched in your minds I'm just your only nightmare And i will come bach - every night Born in a time, That you can't remember World was like hell, From sky rained fire Created to fight and to koll Till just one survives To rule the world in the end Is our final aim We walked thru' the times Like the wind thru' your hair And you don't know That we're at your side We'll gather one day In a secret place And battle to the last To fulfill detiny Century to century We ride on the light From century to century We fight to survive Then me and the beast Stand face to face - Just the clash of the swords Is reaching my ears The strongest of all - Is now in my hand Time has come - To take his head We walked thru' the times Like the wind thru' your hair And you don't know That we're at your side We'll gather one day In a secret place And battle to the last To fulfill detiny Century to century We ride on the light From century to century We fight to survive How far is the world, in the end? Is there a judge? Who decides, What is wrong and what is right? Who'll be there, in the end? Who'll be with me, to be without me? Is there semething, behind the final curtain? Will there be anyone, any memories? When my time has come, to pass the gate to all eternity Who'll wait for me To guide me over, into the unknown? When I die and leave the world behind When I die Day after day, I followed the words That say, I shall be modest and brave And I sometimes wonder How I can be so strong Now here I stand, who'll hold my hand How here I stand and wait Now when your day has come And all life has passed thru? When memories fade away And destiny becomes true When judgement day has been reached And it finally comes to an end You'll come to your redemption Or to pain that never ends! Oh, I know there'll be no pain 'Cos my soul is as white as snow No one's there, to warm my hand When it gets cold An apparatus sound is reaching my ears Bright neon light blinds my eyes A dark veil setz slowly down on me I go into the void Try to keep the distance, Since you threw my life away My courage into pieces I couldn't make you stay Hate, pain and tears Life can be a tragedy Dreams becoming nightmares, Some visions left behind What could have been, What cold have last? You're always on my mind Love, joy and laughter, Life can be a miracle And my heart made of steel, But my soul turns to stone And I'm going where no one goes I carry my load, I'm walking alone I'm crying, where the wind blows Lovers score and lovers fail, Here ain't no compromise Back to back and face the future It's a devil in disguise Fear, darkness and vain Life can be a deadly maze And my heart made of steel, But my soul turns to stone And I'm going where no one goes I carry my load, I'm walking alone I'm crying, where the wind blows Visions - I'm not awake - nor do I sleep Dreamin' dawn turns to dusk Dwarves and fairies dance on my grave There's a door to - wonderland Fires, see fires darken the night Brightness, dark brightness Trapped in a hot air balloon I can't believe it But I believe it`s true There's a shark Climbing thru' my heart Stars shine when the moon heat Cools my thoughts The still of the night is so noisy All faked or true Tell me - what I will see Is there a new world To be found - behind the mirror Wake up - open me eyes Light a cigarette and smoke Smell the taste of coffee Am I back to wonderland? Here I am - back from nowhere I don't remember - everything I've gone too far There ain't nothing left It started so softly - Couldn't feel anything at all Ther was no euphoria - Reality was so close Then fellows and me - We tripped day by day To visit the new world - For the old did decay ... My soul's flown away - Left an empty space I took a view into hell - But I'm coming home Slave me ... Mother - please believe me I never want you to die Father, forgive me Your memory lives in me My soul's flown away - Left an empty space I took a view into hell - But I'm coming back alive ... I'm coming home I'm coming home Please believe me I'm coming home Deliver me ...  Frightened Shadows Appear behind the light And the coldness seizes me A paralyzing pain catches me again Can anybody tell me what's going on Another day is over see horror on the screen The shadows gonna touch my heart A skeleton hand that bears all the grief Does lightly stroke my sleeping emphaty Can I leave and close my eyes for one more night Can I pay to be set free of all this pain That makes me bleed Gotta meet the pries and ask for his help Will the collection heal my soul Can money clear the temple of prejudice and lies Can I reach heaven and enter paradise Love and faith Future and hope Never appear in their lives Has all guilt been payed by the death of christ Or is there something to apologize Blue sky- the sun is shining bright Silence- the noises crystalsed Freezing when you feel the frantic form Breathe in the revenge for ancient sins Black- ancient poser Black- creeping hazard Black- out of darkness Black- black rain Falling rain washed away the light No excuse can justify the pain Black- ancient power Black- creeping hazard Black- out of darkness Black- black rain Horror in my eyes I don't know whats going on List in hell Nothing remains the same Creatures of the night arise in me Darkness around me Encourages their evil deeds I feel my mind is leaving me I will follow into eternity A light shines on me I feel the sun arise Fire will banish my fear My dreadful black dreams No longer they'll scare me Until the night returns How long can I stand The return of the eternal curse Deliver me of all the pain The fear of the dusk paralyses me Black is the jail of my soul In my haunted nights Do you remember - a walk along the river In the valley of our dreams Forgotten problems - they've darkened the horizon Life's no more what it seems The other side of pain is rising high again And makes me cry So why don't you follow me? Why don't you follow me? Forgotten promises - just flow within the water Rememberance - just fades away Echoes of a perfect love Hurt just like a force from high above Times are changing - life has just begun There are new aims to be found Different valleys Sweeter dreams Now I know new love I found my way Hate - memories tear me apart Live - never thougt it wold be that hard Time - always knew on my side Death - seems to be the only bride 'Cause you didn't follow me 'Cause you didn't follow me Love - a never unknown feeling I lost Pain - I never thought I'd count the cost Feel - you finally made me loose it Mind - I think you gotta prove me Somebody to catch my fall Somebody to close the distance In my circle of tragedy Somebody to share my sorrow Somebody who I believe in Somebody to follow me Do you remember - a walk along the river In the valley of our dreams The other side of pain is rising high again And makes me cry Forgotten problems they've darkened the horizon Life's no more what it seems The other side of pain is rising high again And makes me cry Here I am Just a poor boys dream My life's lost in trouble You know what I mean Knowing the gutter There ain't no escape Life has no offers just my body is raped All my broken promises Intentions that have failed Helped me cross the borderline All the screaming memories That I wasted in my life Creeping death is gonna shine I am lost but I will find Just a little piece of mind To keep my self back in control Will it ever be the same The syrenge is calling out my name See myself I am addicted To serenity Wasted time For a shot to come The bigger they are The more I'm done Sacred feelings There ain't no return Suicide solution In hell I will burn I still heart the tales That often have been told I hardly tried to listen Discover word of gold Knowledge ain't wisdom But led you through your life And all I ask you for is let me live mine I hear a voice From deep inside - open your eyes The truth of one is another book of lies From birth till death There's a road for everyone Easy to survey so easy to run But all simplicity might be a lie And your grave was digged Long before you die Those words of stone decay so soon Your truth ain't mine Why're you so sure you're divine My life- just a cesspool of lies My life- anyone could supply My life- ignorance with no remorse Beat me - treat me Respect I am silent And deaf of all those curent instructions That you - spit on - me Imagine I am one Just like you who believes It's worth to besome one Of love - of faith - and pride Do you believe that your god Is anybetter than mine Are you sure it's his will My kind - is the next one - to die Surrender - why do you think I should Surrender - do you belive I ever could Surrender - to make you believe I'm fine Surrender - this ain't a term of mine Wars have already been tought No one is left to die Have you come to an answer Who's better you or I A voice breakes the silence And tells the only truth That will last forever My word for my own life Sanity fades with every breath I take I'm drowning in shadows on the way to my fate None of your words will ever reach me again I'm drowning in shadows I'm calling your name Now here I stand in a shade of my dream I start to forget that you blame it on me You don't know if you're right It's just hatred you see When the night falls down on me This is the time where I can see I need no longer run away When the night falls down on me All of my sadness disapears Still I am disdained by you Still I am blamed by you Color me black till I hate forever Hate me till I hate my self forever Now I know I'm still alone And have to face the light No escape - I have to stay And hear your abscent cries My memories are fading away Desperation will end Once againthe pictures disarray No more empty words that go astray Paralize I step into the stream Hoping all my lies will follow me I feel the dawn rise in me The light disappears I start to regret I can't breake these chains I die to live again Ever so I try to turn arround Electrifying voices tie me down My senses are erased I'm breathing in the flames The termination has begun I cannot break these chains  Separate me from the dead all around Smashed into the ground Ecstasy of killing blinded my eyes I cannot remember the day it has begun, Nor do I know why Once I learned to kill and fight For a battle that was in sight When I'm dreaming, I still hear them marching on In the darkness, Innocence got ripped Out of my heart I washed my hands in the blood of The man that just have been killed The beast in me had risen again, Gave death into my hands Oh, ripping, shooting, burning That's the way, that I got drilled Menmachine of no remorse. The killer is deep in me When I'm dreaming I still hear them marching on In the darkness. I start to pray: Let me live, let me love again Let me drop my head - into your lap Let me live - let me love again Ease my pain - when I'm home again Wondering 'bout what a man is able to take Wondering why I'm still alive Exodus of humanity, already, it hast begun Skulls and bones around me A bloodbath full of lies Insignia of imperfection branded in every face Slip into my outfit Dress up like it shall be I'm correct, I'm an ideal There are thousands to be led I see divine visions We'll rise as high as the sky I look into the mirror Is this my face I see? I'm deeply involved into A brand new hast - and I hear him say: Break the chains that tie you down And be again the one you are Lift the weakness off your heart And be again the one you are You?re like the rolling thunder Your heart is made of steel Undefeated on the field of honour I believe, he is holy Electrifying each and every soul Oh my dear husband, open your frozen heart I miss so much of you, where has all your love gone? And she says: Break the chains that tie your soul And be against the one you are Lift the shadows off your heart And be again the one you are Are you still the loving father Your children can look up to? Open your heart again for humanity I can smell the sweat and blood around me I can hear you screaming loud for me Blow him into nothingness you're shouting No one but me shall walk out of the pit Meet my rival for the very first time Gotta make sure, it will be his last You don't like to pay for naught and nothing All you wanna see is, I bring him pain And I know, all your love is with me -Beat him, -tread him, -kill him- I'm your sword, I'm your angel of death This is the place where you dreams become true This is the place where I kill for you This is your time of diversion and fun So enjoy!! I am heart and soul of all you people Bearing all your hatred in my fists I'm licensed to kill for your pleasure In your name, I bring the deepest pain For me and I Live seems so hard at all Not even worth a dime Need to do some kind of crime I'm looking up To a high command But watching you tears me in two To sell myself I got to do There's no return now If I want to go my way To leave this life of a dying man I would sell my soul to anyone Here I am, an eternal slave I will do what you like I will be at your side - I'm alright I would die to be your friend Fly away to the other side Fly away to the point of entry Fly away to what?s so high above Will you establish me In your company? Oh please I'll be forever yours Seems I am none, but I'm sure I'll be one There's a place for me too Just tell me what to do I lay awake every night, thinking about what to do I already know we will surely come to a row Aggressions send out with might, We will darken the light Gotta meet a new friend, I need to speak I'm talking to you, because I'm so confused, I am insane Somewhere I heard, we will soon come to war. What to do? So, join our secret circle Now, come into resistance! Please don't judge me For I'm too scared But who'll take care of my dears? So untrue brave new world seems to me, mankind's cruel Soon we'll reciprocate kill each and all Need to do anything, there must be a way out of disaster World still turns 'round but how far can we go? - I don't know So, join our secret circle Now, come into resistance! Please don't judge me For I'm too scared But who'll take care of my love? I see a coming hell - earth will release the dead I feel the pain of all you - who are condemned to death I feel the loneliness - of those who are left home God is already gone from us Back into nothingness Please don't judge me for I'm too scared I cannot leave my dears alone Please don't judge me for I'm too scared I'm not alone - alone A mind full of haunted shadows Keeps away the painful sleep Light a candle for the sacred moment Needless thoughts are in to deep Scary pictures behind the curtain Burn my eyes and melt the tears Loneliness in a hidden chamber Unlock the doors to forgotten fears There is nothing left to take All I do is lay awake B e n e a t h t h e s i l e n c e My dear wife, seems my life is over without you I dream of you in every glacial night, that I'm alone You're so far away from the thundering guns round my head - so far I feel your tears Dropping slowly down on my skin I can taste your lips on mine Let me kiss you before I must die Oh, my love, what has been done to us? Or was there anything - I could have done? Your tears are the ocean, that spends love and hope and faith - for my wounded heart - to heal I feel your tears Drying away off my skin The shine within your eyes Will soon enlighten my night But still I'm fighting But still I'm bleeding See their dying eyes and suffering OH my love, I need to kill Believe in me, I promise you, I soon will close my arms around you But still I'm killing And still I'm bleeding I suppose to see, there's nothing real The answer might once be found in me I need you I'll lead you I'll thrill you I'll kill you I'll lead you out of the night That once has fallen upon us Revenge for the stab with a dagger Right into our shieldless back Do you agree when I say expulsion? Do you agree to wipe them out? Do you mind the voice of the world? Or will you follow each command? One heart, one soul One man to lead you into your Salvation, domination, We can rule the world forever I need you - like the air I'm breathing day by day I'll lead you - my lambkins, my dear children I'll thrill you - I?m the twilight of the gods I kill you - as I will die for you Now you believe every word I say Now you're puppets in my hands Do you remember, I'd asked you once If you will follow me even into death Now, here's your ultimate chance To take your oath, you've sworn on me Don't pray to God for he is dead A new Messiah has captured your minds One folk, one lord One man to lead you into your Salvation, extermination We will change the world forever I'm your leader, I'm your lord Am I human or divine? When the sun rises slowly and the haze fades away Everyone knows that the time has come close To be the first in line with the rifle in our hands You and I, my old friend, will we ever die? See the fire, feel the pain, The blood runs cold through our veins No mercy will reflect in our eyes United with the cold steel of death in our hands Let them pay for the crimes, they have done Crush their cities, burn down their lodgings, Allow no one to survive Or their revenge will eradicate Your children's lives Be prepared for the moment, when you'll meet your maker And his reaper has become your own life taker Oh, here I stand and I swear, it's your word that I bear And I'll scream it out for everyone to hear I will fight not asking why, I will rub out every lie For your law, oh my Lord, I'm prepared to die See an arm, see a leg Torn apart the rest That's been you my friend Just seconds ago How many tears are left to cry How many lives are left to die Who'll answer me now after you've closed your eyes? Oh here I stand and I swear, I'll damn your word I still hear And I'll scream it out for everyone to hear I will not fight four your lie, why you want us all to die? For your law, oh you beast, we've been sacrificed Retread - lay down the row That I've been told to fight, - For whom? The child in me is dead, Innocence is lost, Ripped out of my heart, - By whom? I've found my way; So I thought and so I hardly tried my whole life Or could I have failed? Oh, "Lord" watch over me So I prayed each night And believed to do the right How could "He" fail? Too dull - to open my eyes Too blind - look, what's behind Too vain - to confess my own lie Pain - through which hell we have gone Pain - into void we were thrown Pain - we brought and we suffered Pain - mankind went insane Pain - there's no way to undo Pain - 'cos I followed you too  Out of my darkness it's rising in me Discover s the feelings hidden so deep I lose myself Affection for sadness and longing for pain I is dividing - deciphers the madness I loose myself Oh - The human bondage No way to control it I have to obey Just can't deny it - so deep inside me I lose myself My personal demon is linking the shades I could never see Now I know who I am I see myself Oh - The human bondage I hate you I hate you I hate you I am you Oh - The human bondage With might the forceful makers build Machines that will take control Inhuman - They use us to build and to guide them We turn our backs and we'll lose it all Don't say goodbye You tried and you tried You lied and you left me here for so long Don't say farewell When you go to hell You're a machine and you will never die Inhuman - They are taking over And they will always be Wind up men controlling us Manifesto humanity Starlight shines in another world Spent my life in a dark dismay It starts with you for what it's worth Can't speak your name, or I go insane In another world - back to my soul I know there's nothing here, oh yeah Seems I'm back in a loveless world Can't understand what it's worth Step outside the lifeless game I've never understood what it says In the fucking world blacks out my soul I know there's nothing real - oh There's nobody else who gives this to me 'Cause whoever said my soul would heal? There's no one who shares in my whole misery For who will say my soul is real? I step outside this fucking cage New forms of life cry out and rage I feel flying back the loveless fear To check and see my soul is real There's no one who shares in this whole mystery 'Cause whoever said my soul was real? I laugh out but now of the whole misery 'Cause who will save my soul, it's real I'm walking and watching All the things I've seen before a million times It's cold neon light A stranger on his way A world, that's always been cold and gray Just wait another day Tell me now - Is this the world that you have made for me? Is this all you'll let me be? Hold the children for me That scream in the night because of you It's empty - no light You've told me that I am impersonation of humanity I only want to cease to be Tell me now - Is this the only world that you have made for me? Is this all you'll let me be? Hold me now Save me from the ghosts that haunt my nights Don't say goodbye When the shadows fall down on me in the night Alone - again Just for your love I will be undead for all eternity You're watching over me Lovely creature - darkest night Come back again to me It's just like you...were once before Don't tell me now that this is the only world - oh no Don't tell me about your point of view Save it for someone else - what to do Alone again It's a tragedy - that's coming near Hatred chains our thoughts - born in fear Makes our children be martyrs of vanity Sacrifice in another gods name We speak of love and mercy While only bullets answering every thrown stone We praise our lord in heaven But all our deeds are by blood and pain Let's lay down our swords now And let the blood dry now It's not our destiny to be enemies There can be a tomorrow So let the blood dry now No war can last forever Time of killing lasts for so many years Life lights burn so fast - all that's left are tears Do you really believe our gods want us to kill? Not one word of our belief tells this is out lords will Time runs fast for you and me But still our souls can be saved by the glory of love Take the hand that reaches out for you Let's end the madness before it's too late - too late Don't speak... Of the silence that falls on the future I won't say - but I believe there is something in my mind It's hard to expect there will be no surprises Don't feel - there's a sign of what's coming - we divide Keep us together Don't silence our souls In this dread - ripped apart again You know my aim is for you to be my last resort Don't heed the empty mindless call I don't feel hatred towards you This is my last remorse Here comes the ending Unite - in the mystic world Unite - in the mystic world Unite - and overcome Don't say that the cries of tomorrow are silenced Don't think like we will be living in ecstasy Don't feel my agony now This is my last real hope Don't heed the empty mindless call I don't feel hatred towards you This is my last remorse Here comes the ending Unite - in the mystic world Unite - in the mystic world Unite and overcome Light a candle for redemption Ridiculous you are Blame the demons Blame the fire for atrocity Wise man's words of revelation Stuck inside your minds Destination Arian-nation Hate is what you are I am the pain you suffer I am the hope you feel I am eternal fire - for you believe I've got this evil - got this evilness Salem's burning, crosses turning Burn in desire's name Light a candle for redemption Riculous you are Come and rise from your grave again Rise above them and fight again I'm the one you're calling And watch me - show them all Without me you'll be obscene I'll save you from it all Release your confessions Give your life to me Let me open your sewn shut eyes See only me I'm the one you're calling And watch me - show them all Obey me until your life is lost Come to me with sorrow I'll let you live again There is no tomorrow I am your only friend Your time has been so sick You're living in sorrow and pain There is no tomorrow - take my hand What is it inside you eating you within? I drown in life's waters A sea of despair Hear me now I'm calling So you can see the way to me I'll leave you blind and hopeless You should have never listened to me Come to me with sorrow I'll let you live again There is no tomorrow I am your only friend Your time has been so sick You're living in sorrow and pain There is no tomorrow - take my hand I'm the one you're calling And watch me - show them all Without me you'll be obscene I'll save you from it all Release your confessions Give your life to me Let me open your sewn shut eyes See only me again Listen - did you hear that voice from inside ourselves It's echoeing the weariness that's hunting us It's getting dark we both can see Pathetic words won't rescue me Love is just another word for grief We are drowning in the tears once fallen Why don't the shadows disappear? Please awake you holy one Please awake 'cause freedom awaits Now awake my only one Please awake 'cause freedom awaits It's useless to love the one I hurt so deep Can you feel the slowing down of time? One word could even make you cry One single touch could make you die You must know I never could resist So you want to be free To live your life the way you want to be Will you give if we cry Will we live or will we die, yeah Solitary brother, is there still a part of you that wants to live Solitary sister, is there still a part of you that wants to give Jaded hearts heal with time Shoot that love so we can stop the bleeding If we try and live our lives The way we want, the way we want to be, yeah Racism in among future kings can lead to no good Besides all our sons and daughters already know how that feels  Nobody else can see you the same way as myself Fly high and touch the sky, you're the angel I adore If only you could feel for me that I feel for you Why do you ignore me, angel, why can't I go with you You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch The more love I feel for you, the more you fade away Why can't you come and love me, do I have to stay this way I'm going to go insane if nothing happens soon I look out at the night to see your shadow by the moon You're an angel witch, you're angel witch You're an angel witch, you're angel witch Walk through the forest I can feel that you're there Why do you run away? I'd never hurt you, I'd never hurt you That's the last thing I'd do You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch There'll be no tomorrow if the final curtain falls, As a volcano erupts everything crushes to the ground, No one can hope, unsafeness panic blocks their roads and their paths, Apocalypse is happening and nobody stands a chance It's falling, it's falling The final bell is tolling The world is at its end To wait for Atlantis to rise Atlantis to rise, Atlantis to rise An empire underwater to rise up from its ocean grave, Through all this planet, witness kings who'll overpower any god And we can't stop this power as it will invalid men's creations, The perfect race, the perfect world to rise from the oceans depths It's falling, it's falling The final bell is tolling The world is at its end To wait for Atlantis to rise Atlantis to rise, Atlantis to rise There'll be no tomorrow If the land slices from the sea As an earthquake begins Nothing and no one will survive Everything will be destroyed Nothing will be left to the fire As evolution begin to gain Earth will turn to fire It's falling, it's falling The final bell is tolling The world is at its end To wait for Atlantis to rise, Atlantis to rise In the middle of last night she went out to get her revenge On the black witches they tried to kill her They tried to sacrifice and burn her soul in flames Some unknown force came and freed her Burn the white witch Burn the white witch Death bears a sickly smile. Will the fools ever learn They still smile when their own death is near She has got more power than you will ever know They tried to harm but it's too late Burn the white witch Burn the white witch Standing by your shadow You're eyes are full of tears You cannot seem to unwind yourself You have killed death and fear Forever and ever we are free Together forever for eternity She died early this morning from the spells of the dead Death had its own way and won Now she can rest in peace and sleep inside her grave She cannot be harmed anymore Burn the white witch Burn the white witch I stand looking for a friend, Someone I can rely on, All the people laugh at me, I hide in my room, They don't understand me, Think that I have gone insane, These four walls are closing on me, Can't they realize my pain Confused, confused, confused Can't you see that I'm confused The wild state of affairs gets worse and worse day by day, Everybody seems to be confused, No one ever knows the way But still life carries on, And you live a day and you just wait, You only get one chance, don't let it just slip away Confused, confused, confused Can't you see that I'm confused As I walk alone I can feel you there People said to me That you've got long black hair You are the sorceress I've seen your castle Oh take me there And hold your wand up high A star of spectrum A rainbow sky Dancing around your grave I'm glad you're gone Can your soul be saved Go back to where you belong You walk through the mountain side Mysterious powers go passing by A storm is coming near A soft warm breeze blows through the trees You're dead! Can you hear the voice Of a thousand years ago The laughter of the gorgon A female that brings doom Don't look her in the eyes Or you'll turn to stone Don't let her deceive you If you sense her don't look 'round Or you'll find that she will lead you And you'll be buried in the ground You may gaze at her reflection In still waters of the lake But don't look at her directly Or death will be your fate Beware of her at all times Her serpents of hypnosis More evil than the devil Can kill you with her eyes You have to get rid of her The only way I know Creep up behind with an axe And decapitate with one blow I can see you're all confused And you feel you're being used And now your heart is broken So I watched as he set out And without a doubt He did as I advised him You could hear the breaking of her bones As the axe went through her neck Didn't realise at the time That he killed the one that he loved On the fifth storey block you can't seem to keep away from the edge, When you're getting pushed off you're thinking this is gonna be the end, You keep on falling, keep on falling till you awake Sweet danger, sweet danger Sweet danger, sweet danger Trying to get away from, something drives you out wherever you go, The harder you try the more your legs don't want to know, Please wake up, please wake up, you'll have an attack Sweet danger, sweet danger Sweet danger, sweet danger When you're there nightly and you ought to know the end of the scene, You got to get up somehow, till you realise it's only a dream, Please wake up, please wake up, it's only a dream Sweet danger, sweet danger Sweet danger, sweet danger I've been locked away for all these years Now I can see the light of day Things have changed a lot since I was last out here I guess that's the way things, way things go Now I'm a freeman again I don't give a damn what happens in there Now I'm through, what a life Because now I'm a freeman As I look around I couldn't remember my old home Now there's a tower block in its way I remember all my friends and my wife They don't want to know me anymore They wouldn't listen, they didn't understand They accused me of crime I didn't commit It was some other guy, but it wasn't me They wouldn't give in, they wouldn't believe me But now I'm a freeman again I couldn't give a damn what happens in there Now I'm through, what a life Because now I'm a freeman Angel of death A faceless evil spirit that haunts Searching for the soul that he must take Steed of white he rides through the realms of unknown He is just a messenger from hell Scanning the oceans searching for victims to taunt Looking for those who dare rise him from the grave Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Riding along he cannot find those that he seeks Yet he knows he is on the right trail Breaking the circle, not knowing of the danger she's in He takes her with him through stygian to hell To hell Scanning the oceans searching for victims to taunt Looking for those who dare rise him from the grave Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Suddenly I awake, looking 'round to see where I am Realise it's been just a crazy dream I open the door to find that he is waiting there The angel of death has come to take my soul My soul Scanning the oceans searching for victims to taunt Looking for those who dare rise him from the grave Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Why can't you understand We're not out to get you You say we're cheating,oh but No one believes you You fake it to believe yourself You tell the tale of how I cheat So well Loser Why can't you just accept the facts? Loser You only make yourself seem bad I try to calm you down, Trying to protect you But who can help the man Who will not see the evil? You try to blame everyone else You will not see you brought it all On yourself Loser Why can't you just accept the facts? Loser You only make yourself seem bad You try to blame everyone else You tell the tale of how I cheat So well Loser Why can't you just accept the facts? Loser You only make yourself seem bad Suffer suffer suffer suffer You cannot see the reason for your feeling We've heard it all before You have to love to overcome the hurting Fate will take its course Suffer what is this game you're playin' Suffer sure to understand Suffer what is it you're sayin' suffer What do you want to learn those who've hurt you Can't you see it isn't fair You know the world everyone's too smoothly You're just another in despair Suffer what is this game you're playin' Suffer sure to understand Suffer what is it you're sayin' Suffer you have to make a stand Suffer what is this game you're playin' Suffer sure to understand Suffer what is it you're sayin' Suffer you have to make a stand Suffer what is this game you're playin' Suffer sure to understand Suffer what is it you're sayin' Suffer you have to make a stand  When night betrays the day and when evil has its way Who can say they never turned their heads away You hear screaming in the night and your hand feels for the light You thank God you're safe and not the prey But how can you defend yourself when you don't face the foe? All you do is hang your head in shame How can you defend yourself when you're too scared to fight? Looking for someone else to blame Whose to blame for the shame We all want to be free but none of us could see We are all prisoners and we all forged the chains From the cradle to the grave We all like to think we're brave But we're all cowards too scared to take the blame But how can you defend yourself when you don't face the foe? All you do is hang your head in shame How can you defend yourself when you're too scared to fight? Looking for someone else to blame Whose to blame for the pain Someone's fightin' in the street We made a hasty retreat Saying it's got nothing to do with me Put yourself in his place You got blood on your face A helping hand and the night is watching But how can you defend yourself when you don't face the foe? All you do is hang your head in shame How can you defend yourself when you're too scared to fight? Looking for someone else to blame Oh, the shame Within this world of darkness who will hear us scream? You would think that someone out there is in pain or tears You go out to help someone distressed or trapped But the trap for you my friend for you its cast At first she looks unharmful Plaintive offensive Till she turns around and then you see her face We will twist your tongues you will curse with hate Looking through you with whites of eyes and bleeding red She licks her finger and waves it and to to and ties you close And in the nick of time she backs away She looks so absurd standing there just shaking And she decides to run away from you At first she looks unharmful Plaintive offensive Till she turns around and then you see her face Within the shrouded darkness, you will hear her scream You will think someone out there is in pain or tears You go out to help someone distressed or trapped But the trap for you my friend for you its cast At first she looks unharmful Plaintive offensive Till she turns around and then you see her face Child of the night They laugh and shout for eveyone to see When they are together they are happy Little children with innocent smiles Who knows what may hide behind them The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children’s spiteful games They don’t know you’re hurting Stop and look around you For God’s sake, look about you Evil games, evil games They tie you up, they tear your heart in two One day they love, the next they hate you When you’re not looking they’ll be out at night To wander streets investigating The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children’s spiteful games They don’t know you’re hurting Stop and look around you For God’s sake, look about you Evil games, evil games The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children’s spiteful games They don’t know you’re hurting Stop and look around you For God’s sake, look about you Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games here i wait, within this timeless place. here against, my will. my nightmares all become reality, in my own fear of, the dark. how can i live or escape, your ill perpetual fear. when my lifes in wondrous of the man. im held here in hell and fire its got souls and evil minds. i just havnt got a chance in hell. what will become of me, my destiny? will i live or, be saved? if only i could die, i'd free my soul. how can i live or escape, your ill perpetual fear. when my lifes in wondrous of the man. im held here in hell and fire its got souls and evil minds. i just havnt got a chance in hell. can ya hear me, in the dark nights ? can ya help me, to get away? can ya help you, when im screaming, in my own fear, of the dark. can ya hear me, in the dark nights? can ya help me, to get away? and i help you, when im screamin, in my own fear, of the dark. here i wait, within this timeless place. here against, my will. my nightmares all turned to reality, in my own fear of, the dark. can ya hear me, in the dark nights? and ya help you, to get away. and i help you, when im screamin, in my own fear, of the dark. in my own fear of the dark. If the rain won't come If the sun won't shine If the sky turns black and there's no day or night If the God's repent with their raging wrath and they're here They're involved with anger and no shame of fight They'll cut through your soul at the speed of light You'll be liying in pain saying you're feeling the light Please don't leave me behind I have no fate in this massacre of hate Come take me away from this hell and decay Don't leave me this way They won't take you down, they will just leave you Screamin' and bleedin' The sky is on fire and the lightening blinds Hear the waling laughter drwoned by church bells chime There's bodies writhing in twisted heaps on the ground And they'll burn his body the unholy flock See the devil burning, smiling with his flock Please don't leave me behind I have no fate in this massacre of hate Come take me away from this hell and decay Don't leave me this way They won't take you down, they will just leave you Screamin' and bleedin' If the rain won't come If the sun won't shine If the sky turns black and there's no day or night If the God's repent with their raging wrath and they're here Please don't leave me behind I have no fate in this massacre of hate Come take me away from this hell and decay Don't leave me this way They won't take you down, they will just leave you Screamin' and bleedin' And so the witness stands wiping the sweat from his brow Waiting for morning to embrace The silence deafens him as moments pass like hours His eyes gaze into the firelight At the time, everything seemed to be going fine But as he looked beyond he saw into her eyes She has you now, desire takes over fright There's nothing to stop her lust for blood To and all time Now he must take a stand Look at the realms of darkness to see what the judgment holds Although his thought s escape him, he invites the stench of evil Now she's gotta grip the one eyed foe At the time, everything seemed to be going fine But as he looked beyond he saw into her eyes She has you now, desire takes over fright There's nothing to stop her lust for blood To and all time Don't run, can't hide your fear Can't move can' fight can't scream You are the first to see The reawakening Why in the hell did he go Why did he follow his dreams Obsessions took over his mind Now he has to live with his find Don't run, can't hide your fear Can't move can' fight can't scream You are the first to see The reawakening And so the witness stands wiping the sweat from his brow Waiting for morning to embrace The silence deafens him as moments pass like hours His eyes gaze into the firelight At the time, everything seemed to be going fine But as he looked beyond he saw into her eyes She has you now, desire takes over fright There's nothing to stop her lust for blood To and all time Don't run, can't hide your fear Can't move can' fight can't scream You are the first to see The reawakening It's getting dark as a sea Your unblessed body I walk past your grave see the stone has been disturbed I look for a way that holds the key to your immortality I approach the flats now the stench of the rotting flesh First to the touch I start to shake at the thought of what I have to do I should have known and I should have seen The monster that I lived for then and just can't believe That it's not really her, it's only a body uncontrolled without a soul It's getting dark I'm gonna smell at the Devil's spawn and the last in the last in the last in the fall night blood Then I awake and they are surrounding me As they start to tell I become one of them First to the touch I start to shake at the thought of what I've become I should have known and I should have seen The monster that I lived for then and just can't believe That it's not really me, it's only my body uncontrolled without a soul They waltz the night They waltz the night They waltz the night They waltz the night First to the touch I start to shake at the thought of what I have to do I should have known and I should have seen The monster that I lived for then and just can't believe That it's not really her, it's only a body uncontrolled without a soul They waltz the night They waltz the night They waltz the night They waltz the night I remember when you used to come to me at night You told me I was good for you And then I found out about that other man and with that patronizing tone that I was just another fool The times I tried to phone but there was no reply Your voice would say you wasn't in If you leave your name and number I'll get back to you But with all my desperate tries you're back just to say Goodbye And I'm not in love with you, don't call me I don't wanna see you again You don't want me you don't need me I'm so lonely please don't leave me for my love Goodbye And I'm not in love with you, don't call me I don't wanna see you again I remember when you used to come to me at night You told me I was good for you And then I found out about that other man and with that patronizing tone that I was just another fool The times I tried to phone but there was no reply Your voice would say you wasn't in If you leave your name and number I'll get back to you But with all my desperate tries you're back just to say Goodbye And I'm not in love with you, don't call me I don't wanna see you again Masters of Queens to all mankind And souls with superstitious minds Never passing knowledge Here the ghost that sent us maybe Hear the answers written by the dead Leads us to a place we all dread No no never turn your back on traitors No no never turn your back on a friend Evil lies lurking leaving you alone and in danger Waiting in shadows just to steal a soul away With lips of fire and daggered breath She holds the key to her disguise, You pull her close, to steal a kiss It's all so hard to realize she has you in her tangled web And dozens have to be for long No no never turn your back on traitors No no never turn your back on a friend Evil lies lurking leaving you alone and in danger Waiting in shadows just to steal a soul away Fatal kiss ohh that fatal kiss Fatal kiss No no never turn your back on traitors No no never turn your back on a friend Evil lies lurking leaving you alone and in danger Waiting in shadows just to steal a soul away  Can you hear the voice Of a thousand years ago The laughter of the gorgon A female that brings doom Don't look her in the eyes Or you'll turn to stone Don't let her deceive you If you sense her don't look 'round Or you'll find that she will lead you And you'll be buried in the ground You may gaze at her reflection In still waters of the lake But don't look at her directly Or death will be your fate Beware of her at all times Her serpents of hypnosis More evil than the devil Can kill you with her eyes You have to get rid of her The only way I know Creep up behind with an axe And decapitate with one blow I can see you're all confused And you feel you're being used And now your heart is broken So I watched as he set out And without a doubt He did as I advised him You could hear the breaking of her bones As the axe went through her neck Didn't realise at the time That he killed the one that he loved You can't always see the inside of me You can't see what I must hide When you look I turn my head and run I'm in fear for my life I can see you everywhere I go Why can't you just go away? When it's midnight and I lie there awake In the darkness of my room I feel your glaring eyes staring at me I just want to be left alone If I close my eyes Will you soon be gone I feel I'm going insane Nowhere to run Now there's no escaping Nowhere to run I am a prisoner Nowhere to run It's like insanity Nowhere to run I can see you in the shadowed night Nowhere to run I can see you everywhere I go Why can't you just go away? Nowhere to run Now there's no escaping Nowhere to run I am a prisoner Nowhere to run It's like insanity Nowhere to run I can see you in the shadowed night Nowhere to run As the sun begins to rise in the sky And the night is nearly through Now my nightmare turns into reality I turn around and it's you My head it aches What the hell is going on I feel I'm going insane Nowhere to run Now there's no escaping Nowhere to run I am a prisoner Nowhere to run It's like insanity Nowhere to run I can see you in the shadowed night Nowhere to run What would happen if we all died tomorrow? No one here to drown their tears and sorrow Just remains of atomic warfare No one cares, no they wouldn't dare There's only shelter for the select few No one else stands a chance Till it's too late and it's on the news No they wouldn't, wouldn't dare They wouldn't dare Who can really say Wipe out the world in just on day They wouldn't dare The ones in power cause so much destruction Destroy the world with one push of the button It's okay when you don't have to suffer I suppose to them it doesn't even matter What use is the world when only buildings stand Once people lived on earth But they who live an eternal grave Stay below, they will never be saved They wouldn't dare Who can really say Wipe out the world in just on day They wouldn't, wouldn't They wouldn't dare Who can really, really say Wipe out the world in just on day They wouldn't, wouldn't dare As I walk alone I can feel you there People said to me That you've got long black hair You are the sorceress I've seen your castle Oh take me there And hold your wand up high A star of spectrum A rainbow sky Dancing around your grave I'm glad you're gone Can your soul be saved Go back to where you belong You walk through the mountain side Mysterious powers go passing by A storm is coming near A soft warm breeze blows through the trees You're dead! They laugh and shout for everyone to see When they are together they are happy Little children with innocent smiles Who knows what may hide behind them The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children's spiteful games They don't know you're hurting Stop and look around you For God's sake, look about you Evil games, evil games They tie you up, they tear your heart in two One day they love, the next they hate you When you're not looking they'll be out at night To wander streets investigating The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children's spiteful games They don't know you're hurting Stop and look around you For God's sake, look about you Evil games, evil games The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children's spiteful games They don't know you're hurting Stop and look around you For God's sake, look about you Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games In the middle of last night she went out to get her revenge On the black witches they tried to kill her They tried to sacrifice and burn her soul in flames Some unknown force came and freed her Burn the white witch Burn the white witch Death bears a sickly smile. Will the fools ever learn They still smile when their own death is near She has got more power than you will ever know They tried to harm but it's too late Burn the white witch Burn the white witch Standing by your shadow You're eyes are full of tears You cannot seem to unwind yourself You have killed death and fear Forever and ever we are free Together forever for eternity She died early this morning from the spells of the dead Death had its own way and won Now she can rest in peace and sleep inside her grave She cannot be harmed anymore Burn the white witch Burn the white witch Angel of death A faceless evil spirit that haunts Searching for the soul that he must take Steed of white he rides through the realms of unknown He is just a messenger from hell Scanning the oceans searching for victims to taunt Looking for those who dare rise him from the grave Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Riding along he cannot find those that he seeks Yet he knows he is on the right trail Breaking the circle, not knowing of the danger she's in He takes her with him through stygian to hell To hell Scanning the oceans searching for victims to taunt Looking for those who dare rise him from the grave Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Suddenly I awake, looking 'round to see where I am Realise it's been just a crazy dream I open the door to find that he is waiting there The angel of death has come to take my soul My soul Scanning the oceans searching for victims to taunt Looking for those who dare rise him from the grave Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Angel of death Nobody else can see you the same way as myself Fly high and touch the sky, you're the angel I adore If only you could feel for me that I feel for you Why do you ignore me, angel, why can't I go with you You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch The more love I feel for you, the more you fade away Why can't you come and love me, do I have to stay this way I'm going to go insane if nothing happens soon I look out at the night to see your shadow by the moon You're an angel witch, you're angel witch You're an angel witch, you're angel witch Walk through the forest I can feel that you're there Why do you run away? I'd never hurt you, I'd never hurt you That's the last thing I'd do You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch You're an angel witch, you're an angel witch They laugh and shout for everyone to see When they are together they are happy Little children with innocent smiles Who knows what may hide behind them The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children's spiteful games They don't know you're hurting Stop and look around you For God's sake, look about you Evil games, evil games They tie you up, they tear your heart in two One day they love, the next they hate you When you're not looking they'll be out at night To wander streets investigating The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children's spiteful games They don't know you're hurting Stop and look around you For God's sake, look about you Evil games, evil games The sadness in the eyes of old folk around them The children's spiteful games They don't know you're hurting Stop and look around you For God's sake, look about you Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games Evil games, evil games What would happen if we all died tomorrow? No one here to drown their tears and sorrow Just remains of atomic warfare No one cares, no they wouldn't dare There's only shelter for the select few No one else stands a chance Till it's too late and it's on the news No they wouldn't, wouldn't dare They wouldn't dare Who can really say Wipe out the world in just on day They wouldn't dare The ones in power cause so much destruction Destroy the world with one push of the button It's okay when you don't have to suffer I suppose to them it doesn't even matter What use is the world when only buildings stand Once people lived on earth But they who live an eternal grave Stay below, they will never be saved They wouldn't dare Who can really say Wipe out the world in just on day They wouldn't, wouldn't They wouldn't dare Who can really, really say Wipe out the world in just on day They wouldn't, wouldn't dare You can't always see the inside of me You can't see what I must hide When you look I turn my head and run I'm in fear for my life I can see you everywhere I go Why can't you just go away? When it's midnight and I lie there awake In the darkness of my room I feel your glaring eyes staring at me I just want to be left alone If I close my eyes Will you soon be gone I feel I'm going insane Nowhere to run Now there's no escaping Nowhere to run I am a prisoner Nowhere to run It's like insanity Nowhere to run I can see you in the shadowed night Nowhere to run I can see you everywhere I go Why can't you just go away? Nowhere to run Now there's no escaping Nowhere to run I am a prisoner Nowhere to run It's like insanity Nowhere to run I can see you in the shadowed night Nowhere to run As the sun begins to rise in the sky And the night is nearly through Now my nightmare turns into reality I turn around and it's you My head it aches What the hell is going on I feel I'm going insane Nowhere to run Now there's no escaping Nowhere to run I am a prisoner Nowhere to run It's like insanity Nowhere to run I can see you in the shadowed night Nowhere to run  When time stops to pass through my mind I know that I'm not of your kind I see things that you never see in mankind Waiting for my time to come Seeing what in all occurs Can my mind's eye really see the truth of the mistakes? Help me as I have to wake up inside I have to know what there is to hide Fight this corruption, will start inner fate See Don't cast your eyes on what you don't want to see They look strangely at my face As though they've seen it in another place Familiar feelings of being there before, overwhelmed A sign is calling me to go As thousand eyes just show me to the scrolls See the truth of what we've been let to believe Is it the truth? It's a stellar vibration encirceling us Turning our brains into dust Cosmic rays of the pagans's fate And the heathens travel beyond the void Relative power indulges through the universe Genocide to the ozone layer The aliens from the stratosphere's curse Blows our minds to an evil prayer The black hole makes its mark Sucks us down into the dark Is there another of the force of life? Through the hole we could escape Into all, while we travel as life To understand what we might find Into the dark Is there a black present moon above your soul? To take you places you just don't know This dark stain affects your brain Makes you feel good 'til you're in pain So you take the agony It makes sense to what you believe You're under the moon of Geburah Is your god there or not? Makes you suffer, makes you rot You're incapable of your own thoughts Think you've won what's already bought In this circle of repeat You cannot leave, self-defeat You're under the moon of Geburah Misfortunate ending here for us Turns our happiness into dust Invisible heir of the unknown Some misfortune to unfold In this state I feel it's getting worse Within this agony, within this curse Dead perhaps, The Horla After man, The Horla Profound this mystery, invisible All my senses cannot perceive So near, too far to believe A cold shadow passes through me As I wait for approaching death Now there is no saving breath Dead perhaps, The Horla After man, The Horla It's the witching hour and I seek your evil shell But maybe I won't have the time to tell I look from where your name that holds the key To your immortality I have crossed the black smell The stench of rotting flesh I just stand there Feeling shame At the thought of what I have to do I should have known I should have seen The marks upon my neck Were there for real I can't believe you're standing there Looking into my eyes Telling me that we can now be one Don't you know You can't destroy us When we're in the witchig hour It's - it's in the dawn Under the spell of the deadly swarm And they're lusting for my heart I'm awake and they're all surrounding me It is time to tell I now walk with them I have never felt so clear Of how I feel of what I have become Now I feel reality Out of the black a new life has begun So I'm here, I'm here for you Not a second thought for how I feel In a conscious hell inside here For I walked in a human being I walked still within your lie You won't hear my cries I won't exist, I will not be I will twist myself around this cord I can't hear and feel out there And I know it would be more than I could bare So nutritient, you survive to keep me alive I will release you of this burden I walked still within your lie You won't hear my cries I won't exist, I will not be I will twist myself around this cord The executioner stands with his machine They want to see him slice without difficulty Oh isn't it all he can retain? Do you think that your death is a dream? Guillotine Guillotine Guillotine Guillotine Can't understand what I've done There's nowhere I can run In god's name and his son Has the revolution won? Your life flashes past your altered view When you die, doesn't mean everything starts new Is this the cold-blooded death you think you deserve? To the people all your life you tried do serve Maybe the story's true for believers A victim's story of deception A god alone, and we start with soldiers, a simple man A lie to be made for the power of control To scare them for the guilt Wash yourself, start with their blood To wear the symbol to what made the pain To what made the death Look into your own eyes Your reflection shows you' re brainwashed Restrain yourself inside Stop yourself from being brainwashed Conditioned Conditioned for what? Conditioned, manipulation, kept so far from the truth Not for you to chose  Libera me, De morte aeterna, In die illa tremenda Quando coeli movendi sunt et terra, Dum veneris judicare Saeculum per ignem Tremens factus sum ego, et timeo Dum discussio venerit Deliver me, From eternal death, On that fearful day When the heavens are moved and the earth When thou shalt come to judge The world through fire I am made to tremble, and I fear, When the desolation cometh Solitude's my epitaph I've been dying within Secrets kept inside tattoed my skin Still darkness dwells in me Born in everlasting mists Endless quest for truth I am In the shrine of gloom I cry Chase the dark Bring the end Stormcloud winter is my reign Against the coldest winds I run Alone until the day I die I'm alone From the abyss came forth my love Never meant to be real From the embers of my soul to you Drifts me far away Fading echoes Havoc revealed No more concealed by An ephemeral life What makes a man try to fight for absolution? Show him the flame Then let him set himself on fire In astral silence we stand I feel your grief in me To cherish all your tears I'm here with you now Trapped beyond my inner doubts I've been searching in vain Now the answers lie behind these staves The path I walk is my own Born in everlasting mists Endless quest for truth I am In the shrine of gloom I cry Chase the dark Bring the end Stormcloud winter is my reign Against the coldest winds I run Alone until the day I die The raven's lonely flight The throne where you're supposed to be It's just a thorn, a crime There's no forgiveness This is all my spirit has A sacred place for you and me Forgotten and betrayed I tried to hold it This crystal grave was built for you Of haze as wolves cried to the moon This dying rose I give to you It's made of my blood? Now it belongs to you The velvet kiss of rain The moment when the angels sing You did it all in vain Nothing's there for you High is the price I have to pay My sin was to behold your eyes When darkness blinds the day So cruel and distant It seems you don't understand That the gods don't need your cries You've kissed her hand for the last time The last time, my son Wake frozen dusk, haven of souls Tear up my heart, your sign will rise Black corvine eyes wait as my hope Silently dies... now Death and love dance in your name Like tears in the stream Both the hunter and the prey Fell in love with the knife's blade I will search for you forever in this maze I won't break this vow This crystal grave was built for you Of haze as wolves cried to the moon This dying rose I give to you It's made of my blood? Now it belongs to you As shades are gathering Around our hearts The seventh circle in darkness is rising The circle is rising Now the source is dying down I've found that silver knife Laying heartless in my palm Your blood doesn't stain its blade Who are you? Angelique, show me the way The way out of here Let me reach for your beauty again Angelique, show me the way The way out of here Like a shadow your vision's in me I've got to kill a man who killed death I've got to kill... The Man Who Killed Death You've taken her from me I'll give you hell for it Don't say she's just my dream ... is this real? A new world, gold-shining A hope beyond this land An angel, gold-shining Salvation in her eyes... A new lie, gold-shining A puppet in their hands Illusions, gold-shining Created in your mind I've got to kill a man who killed death I've got to kill... The Man Who Killed Death There's a darkened space inside me Made of memories of you The trail you left behind Those seven doors I'll walk through Out of this wasted land... to you Give me strength to break the gates Beyond the sky Where your soul remains still Far from the dome of life and death I'm still with you Angelique, show me the way The way out of here Let me reach for your beauty again Angelique, show me the way The way out of here Like a shadow your vision's in me Don't speak so bravely about death It's just another empty word to me Created by weak souls and dreaming fools like you I'm not the one to fear I shouldn't be your enemy But be aware of what I say Or we'll play my game The ages rise and fall before me One thousand times I've seen your suffering A reason to live for ...Or a lie to fight for? The way to wisdom is a weapon The seven secrets are eternal might But maybe it's just your mind Playing tricks on you I know that she is nigh The chalice takes me high I feel the living stars The universe aligned Oh... the infinity Angelique... Angelique Come to me Embrace my pain It can't be the last time Angelique I bleed for you Please don't go I've got to kill a man who killed death I've got to kill... The Man Who Killed Death For the last time I am alone For the last time It feels so cold It's the last time Now she has gone But then... the sky answers Rain Rain is falling down on me Here comes the rain For a moment I hear a prayer Just a moment but It's so clear You're calling me You're touching me Oh it hurts deep down Your soul is so lost without me But I can't recall your eyes Oh... hold me and kiss me Please take me with you Frail threshold of sanity The nightmare became so real But all the tears, The pain we feel Are washed by the... Rain Rain is falling down on me Here comes the rain For the last time Step back! The trees guard the way And the wind's full of voices no soul's ever heard They sing forever their secret tale On this place blessed by nightfall they embrace your gait I've walked across all forests Their beauty is killing me For those who'll never see the mountains Forever my eyes have been broken For those who'll never see the mountains Forever my soul has been broken It's broken down You've felt the beating Under the barks Those who were silent (You've chosen to wander) Now chant loud in you (Forlorn? Lost?) This time the breeze won't take their pain from me This time I want their tears to stay in my heart I cry for those who'll never see the mountains Forever my eyes have been broken I cry for those who'll never see these mountains Forever my soul has been broken It's broken down Immortal name, immortal fame His face will be wherever you are Awake the wolf that's on your heart It will protect your deepest desires Have you ever felt that rain? Water flowing through its veins I cry feeding its fate Inside your dreams The shadow will roam till death embraces your soul Dawn will come, dream this night Alone with your tears, alone with your fears Lost in memories you have just lived On this rainy night I pray To find you one day Show me the way I must walk In this humid shelter I pray To feel you again And to discover your light Growing life beside your life Eternal cycle under the skies Sometimes the bright snows refresh its skin Watch Spring weaving the silk Enchanted by delightful charm Sometimes its Autumn leaves caress the air I know it's time to kill the sickness from my soul My eyes have seen too many things never seen before I know it's time to feed the viper in my soul I know it's my turn to take control Now! Something inside is devouring my rotten core I feel it clear, soft lips of a whore Twisting my mind into ashes Into ashes I fall Can't bear this suffocation It is the warmth of the hemlock on virgin skin - Respire the disease It is the book where all truth is spoilt - Crawl into light It is the lust of illusion - Ecstasy is yours It's a worm called mankind But now I have awoken Falseness tempting me wherever my way goes In this baneful sea I am As the world sleeps down in trance, my vision grows I still stand sober and cold The tempest crosses skies, eternal I hear its painful call inside of me The tempest crosses skies, eternal I hear its silent cry: Death to the world! Oh The air is so cold tonight It saves me from their white masquerade I can see them now I know they're afraid, yes And the poisonous seed still tries to swallow my soul But I'm not weak anymore Defy them Crystal Mind You're not one of them Tellurian sight Cursed one Carving a hole in my spirit Gliding unseen like a spider in black It pours my blood as I struggle for some air to breathe To breathe this choking sulphur It is the pyre that lights the blind's way - Dance in the flames It is the garden in bloom where lovers die - Caress the blade It is the parasite - Let senses fly But I'm out of its reach Its antidote I am The tempest crosses skies, eternal I hear its painful call inside of me The tempest crosses skies, eternal I'll be its silent cry: Death to the world! The world stopped A raindrop fell over your cheek As winds off shore caressed your hair I knew the mastery of pain Like the cold snow shelters the evergreen leaves Just before the sun takes it away So our time won't last for evermore But don't fear the night The essence never dies Don't you see that our love is real In your eyes, beyond this life Don't you see that this love is real In your eyes, it will never die I wish this could be true The mastery of pain Inside The essence never dies Deep inside The essence never dies Please don't give me more thoughts pure I don't want anything but you Please don't leave this world of doom I can't live without your voice You're a fire in the sky I will crush heavens to dust 'Cause I need your love - I need you I need you to be free - I need you Don't you see that our love is real In your eyes, beyond this life Don't you see that this love is real In your eyes, it will never die Inside The essence never dies Inside The essence never dies I wish this could be true... Surrounded by the ocean wind Mortal Silence takes me Over my lonely trail Reddish sand is hiding the trace Taken by the traveller god Empty eyes fixed on a tragedy Mirrored from a distance beside you Reddish sand is hiding the trace Taken by the traveller god Follow the chain one more autumn I never wanted to lose my faith But still tomorrow Another link will join this endless chain I can see you Roaming through the track Like a Timewalker yearning for his time Make for the chain end Out of this world Reliving grief and madness Wishing to stay Embraced by the sea Follow the chain one more autumn I never wanted to lose my faith But still tomorrow Another link will join this endless trail of sorrow Waiting under starlight To feel your white shining My life has no meaning Without dreaming of you This is the circle where souls bleed for love Inside this circle we die now Seven demons from heaven Wings of a raven in descent I was just a weak pawn With a heart torn for you This is the circle where souls bleed for love Inside this circle we die now This is the circle where all hopes are lost Inside this circle we die now Crossing through the archway Seven are gathered here The cloister vibrates with the sound This score is a path that leads me astray from you Please forgive what I have to do In quo est salus, vita, et resurrectio This is the circle where souls bleed for love? for you This is the circle where all hopes are lost Inside this circle we die now Cursed by the light, Damned by the night Then, today you shall die and you'll never see this night As the dusk falls your life shall disappear I see you walk to me As if you were in a dream Kneel before the truth Ends with the lie This is the end The dark awaits In darkness  Viendo oculto en tu disfraz En mis sueños siempre estas No lo puedo remediar Te deseo cada vez mas Al principio todo era paz Y contigo llego la maldad Príncipe de las tinieblas Con fuego arrasador Has escrito la historia De la humanidad Haces siempre lo que quieres sin tener piedad Dios eterno todo lo haces a tu voluntad Maldito maldito sea tu nombre Maldito maldito sea tu nombre Tan grande es tu poder Que todo lo consigues Cual es tu gran secreto Que nada té prohibe Haces siempre lo que quieres sin tener piedad Dios eterno todo lo haces a tu voluntad Maldito maldito sea tu nombre Maldito maldito sea tu nombre Sombras negras sobre la ciudad, En tu cama aburrido estas, El viento canta, suena una canción Y tu cuerpo empieza a temblar Es la magia del rock n'roll Que penetra en tu interior, Suelta tu imaginación Rocker Rocker Rocker Rocker Sexo, drogas y rock n'roll Es el lema en tu generación Mucha gente se fija en ti Y se pregunta que te hace vivir Es la magia del rock n'roll Que penetra en tu interior, Suelta tu imaginación Rocker Rocker Rocker Rocker Vosotros siempre estáis ahí Pidiendo rock n'roll Y los brazos en alto están Siguiendo el compás Guitarras imaginarias Quemando vuestras manos, Melenas al viento están Sellando nuestra unión Mecheros encendidos En la oscuridad, Llamas infernales Que me hacen vibrar Unidos por el rock Chicas y litros de alcohol ...., sudor y luz Codo a codo, trago a trago Gargantas en tensión Cada instante una sensación Que te hace alucinar Vuestros puños en alto están Sellando nuestra unión Mecheros encendidos En la oscuridad Llamas infernales Que me hacen vibrar. Unidos por el rock. Unidos por el rock!!! Solitario el callejon En la noche se oye, ha!!! El dinero y el reloj Y un rujido de motor Sois esclavos de la noche, esclavos de la noche Siempre huyendo sin cesar De un lugar a otro lugar Las sirenas van detras Acelera que escapa Sois esclavos de la noche, he!!! Os reunis en un billar Pronto amanecera Ya la fiesta termino Sois aves nocturnas Sois esclavos de la noche, esclavos de la noche Sois esclavos de la noche, he!!! El sol le daba paso a la oscuridad Un reino de terror se instalaba ya Un mal de tinieblas negras cubrian la tierra El fin estaba proximo de la humanidad Puede esto ser sueño o realidad, no se Sombras en la oscuridad! Sombras en la oscuridad! Almas endiabladas, seres sin piedad Es la noche de satan! Una extraña fuerza invade mi interior Todo a cambiado en mi ser Tengo la fuerza y tengo el poder lo se Sombras en la oscuridad! Sombras en la oscuridad! Ya mi mente esta vacia Nada puedo recordar Estoy sediento de poder Yo nada puedo hacer Contra las fuerzas del mal La profesia se cumplio! Sombras en la oscuridad! Sombras en la oscuridad! Sin consultar con nadie Preparan las destrucción, Jugando con nuestras vidas Vendiendo al mejor postor. Manos sangrientas listas están Una orden les bastara, Trompetas endiabladas Anuncian un trágico final. Es el principio del fin Sangre en la tierra, Fuego en el cielo Es el principio del fin. El tiempo se detiene El sol brilla siniestro, Cavaron nuestras tumbas La muerte al asecho esta. Jinetes negros cabalgan ya Quemando el aire al pasar, Como una pesadilla sembrando: Miedo, muerte y terror. Es el principio del fin Sangre en la tierra, Fuego en el cielo Es el principio del fin. Un aire frío hiela La sangre de tu cuerpo, El cielo se oscurece La tierra se estremece. Jinetes negros cabalgan ya Quemando el aire al pasar, Como una pesadilla sembrando: Miedo, muerte y terror. Es el principio del fin Sangre en la tierra, Fuego en el cielo Es el principio del fin. Engañáis a la gente sin mas Y prometéis cosas que nunca vais a dar, Controláis cualquier situación Y con dinero todo se arreglara. Amenazáis con la destrucción Y al mismo tiempo nos habláis de paz, O si os tentáis de cualquier dolor, ¿que mas os da?... lo importante es ganar Dinero y ganas de poder. Engañáis, Controláis, Amenazáis, Condenáis, A vivir. Castigáis sin tener piedad Quien se levante caro lo pagara, Condenáis la imaginación Solo vosotros pensáis por los demás, Si algo grabe os tienen que dar Falsas promesas todo lo calmaran, O si os tentáis de cualquier dolor ¿que mas os da?... lo importante es ganar Dinero y ganas de poder. Engañáis, Controláis, Amenazáis, Condenáis, A vivir. Conseguistes arrancarme de brazos de otra mujer Conseguiste atraparme con tus juegos de amor Eres hielo, eres fuego dinamita mortal Y jugaste con mas hombres sin tener piedad Tu fría mirada y en tus ojos sangre..... Sangre, sangre.... de diablo..... Han pasado muchos años desde la ultima vez Tu rostro y tu pelo han cambiado Tu forma de hablar también Te marchaste de tu casa El mundo querías ver Te vendiste por dinero pues nada podías hacer Tu fea mirada y en tu cuerpo sangre.... Sangre, sangre... de diablo Ojos negros, pelo negro, Cuerpo de mujer, Vives la vida haciendo esclavos Por donde tu vas. Traicionando sentimientos Juegas con el amor, Juegas sucio sin saber Que puedes perder. Victima de tu amor, no quiero ser... Con fuego no intentes jugar... Y es que te puedes quemar. No juegues con fuego, No juegues con fuego, No juegues con fuego, No juegues con fuego. No intentes utilizar Tus encantos nunca mas, Ya te puedes ir al diablo El te hará gozar. Empaca el viaje al infierno Para no volver, Allí estarás en buenas manos Por siempre jamás. Victima de tu amor, ya no soy... Con fuego no intentes jugar... Y es que te puedes quemar. No juegues con fuego, No juegues con fuego, No juegues con fuego, No juegues con fuego. A media noche solo en tu habitación, Invocas mi nombre en un momento de tensión, Quieres probar, ver el mundo a tus pies, Yo te daré entera satisfacción... No lo olvides nunca... Es un pacto con el diablo, Es un pacto con el diablo, Es un pacto con el diablo, Es un pacto con el diablo. Sientes tus venas ya no aguantar mas, Algo enchufa tu sangre te vas a suicidar, Lo que yo te propuse fue un pacto sin mas, Y ahora ha llegado la hora de pagar... No lo olvides nunca... Es un pacto con el diablo, Es un pacto con el diablo, Es un pacto con el diablo, Es un pacto con el diablo.  Vas de cuero y usas jeans Y te gusta privar. Vives de noche, el sol siega tus ojos Hueles a vicio y alcohol. Vives al margen de la autoridad, Y para ellos Un sospechoso sin duda serás, y estarás: Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de su ley Perseguido sin piedad, Por hombres de metal. Siempre tras de ti, Te la quieren jugar. No te dejan en paz. Los dedos te limpias con un algodón, Y restos de tinta te quedan. Un nuevo expediente, peligro social. Y ahora ya estas: Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de su ley Te apuntan con armas, no puedes hablar. Después de unas horas te dicen. Por esta vez ya te puedes marchar, pero estarás: Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de la ley Fuera, Fuera de su ley Ha llegado el momento De que hablemos de una vez De que esmeres tu lenguaje Y que te comportes bien Que cedas el paso en el ascensor a la señora Y pidas excusas si hay un empujón, yeeeee Moriré con las botas puestas Moriré con las botas puestas Te pide que seas buen chico Y tengas educación Que no salgas por las noches Y ser en todo el mejor Digas lo que digas Hagas lo que hagas No les importa En esta cadena nunca habrá final... Moriré con las botas puestas Moriré con las botas puestas Moriré con las botas puestas Moriré con las botas puestas Te estoy buscando por la ciudad Voy solitario hacia ningun lugar Nadie se sienta en mi camino Pasan las horas a punto esta de amanecer Y es que este fue en un rincón Sonrisas que se venden a millón Trucos y juegos sucios se dan lugar Te busca en todas partes ¿donde estas? Eeeehh eeh eeh dame amor Eeeeh eeh eeh esta noche En una barra de un viejo bar Y trago a trago solo pienso en ti Estoy cansado no puedo mas Pasan las horas y a punto estoy de enloquecer Estas alucinando Y pasas de pensar, Te va mucho a la gacha Te tienes que cuidar. Te han dicho en tu casa Que tienes que mirar, Y nadie te comprende En esta sociedad. Junkie, Junkie, Junkie, Junkie. Cargado de problemas Que quieres olvidar, Te lanzas a la calle Haber que pasa allá. Te encuentras ya muy chumbo, Lo estas pasando mal, Te dices a ti mismo Lo tengo que dejar. Junkie, Junkie, Junkie, Junkie. Cerre los ojos por un instante Y te veo a ti Imagenes que nos han borrado De un pasado feliz Suenos que nunca llegaran Verse realidad Tu nombre escrito en un pared Con el viento hablaran Que hay amigo al otro lado del silencio Canciones que recuerdan lugares Suenan para ti Palabras que nunca eh olvidado Y me hacen sentir Suenos que nunca llegaran Hacerse realidad Tu nombre escrito en una pared Con el viento hablaran Que hay amigo al otro lado del silencio Eh! Al otro lado del silencio Que! Al otro lado del silencio Que hay amigo al otro lado del silencio Prometieron construir Un lugar donde vivir, Nos compraron al nacer Imponiendo su ley, Inventaron la moral Cumplirla a los demás Héroes del poder Héroes del poder Condenaron la ilusión Destruyeron la pasión, Nos compraron al nacer Imponiendo su ley, Inventaron la moral Cumplirla a los demás Héroes del poder Héroes del poder Sois predicadores de la paz, Y sois muy capaces de matar, La mentira es nuestra profesión, Y el poder es nuestra religión. Nos compraron al nacer Imponiendo su ley Inventaron la moral Cumplirla a los demás Héroes del poder Has vivido siempre desde Que el mundo existió, Has comprado honores y No has dado explicación. Mandas en los hombres y Complaces la ambición, Tomas los sentidos y No tienes compasión. Cambias los sistemas Nunca pides la opinión, Compras a los reyes y Tu brillo siempre atrae... Es el mejor No se si estoy, vivo o muerto No se si estoy, vivo o muerto Es posible que eso sea sueño realidad Matas ilusiones Que no dejas alcanzar, Creas confusiones Que solo puedes crear. Planificas guerras En nombre de la verdad, Haces tu justicia Sin contar con los demás. Matas a los hombres Y no tienes compasión, Compras a los reyes Y tu brillo siempre atrae... Es el mejor No se si estoy, vivo o muerto No se si estoy, vivo o muerto Es posible que eso sea sueño realidad Siembras inquietudes Tu disfraz es el mejor, Compras a los reyes Y tu brillo siempre atrae... Es el mejor No se si estoy, vivo o muerto No se si estoy, vivo o muerto Es posible que eso sea sueño realidad Déjalo para otra ocasión Confiaba que me ibas a llamar Igual así consigo olvidar Quizás a lo mejor, eeeeeeeh ya.... Era la primera vez que sentía Una extraña sensación Mi mente tu imagen retenía Con verdadera obsesión Todo era en ti tan excitante Que anulaba mi sed Fueras para mí a todas las horas Algo por lo que vivir Eras mas fuerte.... que mi propia voluntad Prisionero, prisionero de tu amor Prisionero, prisionero de tu amor En el momento en que no te veía Yo me sentía morir Y juraba una y otra vez No acordarme de ti Me mostraba algo indiferente No había nada que hacer Tu tal vez sin llegar a saberlo Te apoderaste de mí Eras más fuerte.... que mi propia voluntad Prisionero, prisionero de tu amor Prisionero, prisionero de tu amor El primer vado has dado ya, Y te sientes un heroe, A tus amigos contaras Que estas exagerando. Y preparas en tu mente Un nuevo trabajo, A la salida del portal Alguien te esta esperando. Algo no ha salido bien... Estan pisandote los pies, Tienes que salir de ahi. No pares, no pares, no pares. No pares, no pares, no pares. Tu momento ya llego Estas cansado en un rincon, Contienes la respiracion Los pasos se oyen tras de ti, La noche se aproxima, Unos hombres de metal Siguen tus huellas sin cesar. El miedo invade tu interior Te sientes prisionero, Las sombras cubren la ciudad Y se detiene el tiempo. Tienes que salir de ahi. No pares, no pares, no pares. No pares, no pares, no pares. Tu momento ya llego... "Tu negro manto nos envolvió, Gentes que anuncian tu adicción, Siempre has premiado la oscuridad, Y has ocultado una emoción. Es el gran poder de las tinieblas, De tus garras no hay quien pueda escapar, Tu esencia es mas fría que la muerte, De tu sombra nadie nos puede librar. Naciste eterno y seductor, Y se te invoca con devoción, Pero el que juega siempre eres tú, Y disimula una ambición. Es el gran poder de las tinieblas, De tus garras no hay quien pueda escapar, Tu esencia es mas fría que la muerte, De tu sombra nadie nos puede librar. Caíste bajo para llamar, Y sonreíste a la bondad, Y diste esclavos por donde vas, Y a tu magia nadie escapara. Es el gran poder de las tinieblas, De tus garras no hay quien pueda escapar, Tu esencia es mas fría que la muerte, De tu sombra nadie nos puede librar.  Tu dices que todo lo hago mal y que no me entenderas jamas tu crees que todo es depravacion sexo violencia y Rock and Roll Llego tarde a casa empiezas a gritar que cambie de vida y sea normal Que siga estudiando o vaya a trabajar que asi no puedo continuar No tienes que compararme a otro no tengo que ser igual que tu dejad que viva mi propia vida dejad que siga con mi inquietud Se que muchas veces empiezas a dudar si este chico sera normal Pues los tiempos cambian no es igual que ayer tan solo ocurre que es que soy... demasiado joven para morir demasiado joven para morir Piensas que todo puede cambiar si tu me dejas que elija yo y no me impones tu voluntad deja que tome mi decision Se que muchas veces empiezas a dudar si este chico sera normal Pues los tiempos cambian no es igual que ayer tan solo ocurre que es que soy... demasiado joven para morir demasiado joven para morir demasiado joven para morir demasiado joven para morir demasiado joven para morir demasiado joven para morir Un largo viaje en este hotel, mi cama vacia, mi mente tambien, estoy cansado no puedo aguantar siempre lo mismo, no quiero pensar Te necesito, para olvidar que no estas aqui. No puedo vivri sin ti, no quiero vivir sin ti, No puedo vivri sin ti, no quiero vivir sin ti. Un dia mas en otra ciudad, sientes que nada te puede parar, estoy pasando una noche fatal me ha poseido una fuerza mortal Te necesito, para olvidar que no estas aqui. No puedo vivri sin ti, no quiero vivir sin ti, No puedo vivri sin ti, no quiero vivir sin ti. No puedo vivri sin ti, no quiero vivir sin ti, No puedo vivri sin ti, no quiero vivir sin ti. No tengo nada que hacer Todo me da igual Me aburro en cualquier lugar Y voy de aqui a alla. Recorro la ciudad Camino sin parar Y ya no se que hacer Ni a donde mirar Que es lo que me pasa Esto no es normal Tu sentada en un sillon Yo en la esquina del bar Nos miramos sin parar No puedo disimular Algo me hace pensar Que tu eres para mi No puedo resistir Ni un momento mas Quiero y no puedo Seguir tu juego Ya no tengo solucion Estoy loco de atar Ya no tengo solucion Estoy loco de atar Ya no tengo solucion Estoy loco de atar Ya no tengo solucion Estoy loco de atar Ya no tengo solucion Estoy loco de atar Ya no tengo solucion Estoy loco de atar Hey hey hey hey Loco de atar Hey hey hey hey Loco de atar Se Acerca un nuevo dia y la misma cancion siempre la misma estrofa del dia anterior No existe diferencia no no tienes eleccion lo tomas o lo dejas maldita decision Tu no puedes elegir tu forma de vivir o lo tomas o lo dejas intentalo por ti Siempre las mismas caras a tu alrededor Por no perder costumbre tambien el mismo amor No existe diferencia no no tienes eleccion lo tomas o lo dejas maldita desicion Tu no puedes elegir tu forma de vivir o lo tomas o lo dejas intentalo por ti Dices que eres demasiado joven, Que es pronto para amar, Tal vez necesites un poco de tiempo Ya te tienes que marchar, Dejas en mis labios el mejor recuerdo, Nos volveremos a ver, Yo se que tu y yo asi lo queremos nunca te olvidar... Pensando en ti Silencios que rompen el corazon, Citas como pruebas de fuego, Procuro darme fuerzas y no puedo, Hiriendo siempre en mi pensamiento Que estaras haciendo en este momento, Espero que te acuerdes de mi, Yo se que tu y yo asi lo queremos, Nunca te olvidar... Pensando en ti....... uhmmm uhmm uhnm que dificil es seguir tu juego pensando en ti...... uhmmm uhmm uhnm No dura un huracan toda la mañana pensando en ti... uhmmm uhmm uhnm Vas por ahi a divertirte con tus amigos. Tratas de evitar a esa gente que te molesta. Pero amigo ya veras, que no es tan facil vivir en paz. Suelen decir - no hay mal que dure siempre. Te preguntan: ¿que es lo que haces? ¿cual es tu vida? ¿en que trabajas? ¿y de que vives? ¿y a donde vas? Son como perros de presa ¡te la jugaran! No dejes que te asusten ellos son el poder, y tu tienes la calle no te dejes vencer. Tu respeto esta hartando la autoridad. Debes saber quien es quien manda en la ciudad. Si es que gritas demasiado, se encargaran de reprimirte. No te salgas de la raya te han avisado. Son los perros del poder, si te descuidas lo tienes claro. ¿De donde vienes? ¿y a donde vas? Son como perros de presa ¡te la jugaran! No dejes que te asusten ellos son el poder, y tu tienes la calle no te dejes vencer. Viernes por la tarde salgo de currar toda la semana mal, el cuerpo pide marcha y se la voy a dar. Llamo por telefono intentando hablar, con una manera igual lo que quiero es que todo todo vaya bien Todo lo que quiero es un poco de dinero, para divertirme esta noche.(bis) Voy por la autopista a mucho mas de cien, siempre sigo sin parar y es que yo soy el rey de la velocidad. Pronto las sirenas se oyen por detras, Oh carrera infernal y mientras por la radio las bandas suenan ya. Todo lo que quiero es un poco de dinero, para divertirme esta noche. Todo lo que quiero es un poco de dinero, para divertirme esta noche. Hablan y solo engañan prometen y no dan, Tejen su tela de araña no te dejan escapar. Hablan de libertad no se por que, Un precio hay que pagar en ese numero mas. Vive libre, vive libre vive libre, vive libre Te exigen obligaciones con la patria hay que cumplir, no puedes estar al margen para que ellos vivan bien. Encima hay que aguantar no se por que, Que hablen de libertad y ser tu quien tengas que pagar. Vive libre, vive libre vive libre, vive libre Vive libre, vive libre vive libre, vive libre Vive libre! Va pasando el tiempo y no te puedo olvidar, va girando el mundo y no te puedo alcanzar. Eres pesadilla que no puedo combatir, eres fuego intenso que necesito apagar. Y me domina la pasión, y me provoca la obsesión. No, no hay tiempo para los dos, no hay tiempo para los dos. Dicen que hablo solo y que empiezo a alucinar, que grito tu nombre a quien me quiera escuchar. Rio a carcajadas voy perdiendo la razón, camisa de fuerza... ya no tengo solución. Y me domina la pasión, y me provoca la obsesión. No, no hay tiempo para los dos, no hay tiempo para los dos. Me han educado el ser formal, contestatario y oír hablar, en tres salmos aprendí que es el bien y el mal. Muchas oraciones y arrepentimientos, si no habrá castigo con el fuego eterno. Oscura noche, secretos sueños, falsos profetas, prohibidos cuentos. oh oh ooooh oh oh ooooh Pasiones muertas que resucitan deseos ocultos vuelven a mí. No me reprimiré me olvidare de ti, muchas diversiones menos oraciones, prefiero estar contigo y arder en el infierno. Oscura noche, secretos sueños, falsos profetas, prohibidos cuentos oh oh ooooh oh oh ooooh Oscura noche, secretos sueños, falsos profetas, prohibidos cuentos oh oh ooooh oh oh ooooh  Ahora si, ahora si puedo ir tranquilo por ahi, brillantes ojos en la oscuridad estan atentos para protegerme, solo les falta poder ladrar son serviviales si vistes bien. Nosotros les pagamos y ellos hasta el final te siguen dando por detras Ok amigo no seas tan duro y dejame hacerme un puro, no se si algun dia fuiste un tipo normal. Un numero eres de el imperio de la ley, del poderoso su esclavo mas fiel y su dinero guardas muy bien. Nosotros te pagamos, y tu hasta le final nos sigues dando por detras Yo no quiero tener que volver a madrugar, ahora o nunca, tal vez no tenga otra oportunidad. Pasarmelo siempre bien noche tras noche en pie, vivir la vida a 100 si tu vienes ¡huy que bien! Ahora si que estamos todos locos ahora si que estamos todos locos ahora si que estamos todos locos Ya no pienso dejar nunca mas de fumar, ni tampoco dejare nunca de pribar, llegare a casa muy tarde, hare el ruido que quiera, no hare a caso a mi mamá, bailare,gritare . Ahora si que estamos todos locos ahora si que estamos todos locos ahora si que estamos todos locos Necesito una chica que este tan loca como yo, que le guste divertirse y bailar rock n´roll. Ahora si que estamos todos locos ahora si que estamos todos locos ahora si que estamos todos locos Esperándote esta noche siento algo especial, El latido de mi corazón a toda velocidad no te puedo olvidar ni un momento has provocado la locura en mi, tan solo espero que tu llegues pronto solo quiero estar junto a ti Un saludo tanto gusto encantado de volverte a ver toda la anoche por delante tu me miras y yo también se acaba enseguida la conversación la ropa vuela en la habitación nada frena el deseo solo hay pasión si quieres verme en otra ocasión Marca mi número es el seis seis Me has dicho algunas veces si esto nos puede acortar nicotina y unos trapos es la vitamina ideal mi amor a todas horas y en cualquier lugar puede ser muy original hacia arriba y abajo como quieras tu siempre que el cuerpo te pida mas Marca mi número es el seis seis seis Solo los dos El mismo pan Otra oportermidad Una mirada en la oscuridad Y una hasta el mañana Solo un momento más Solo un minuto más Cuando tú te vas ya nada es igual Si tu no estas aquí Si tu no estas aquí Necesitó oír tu vos Necesitó tu calor Si tú pudieras estar aquí No sabes cuanto daría yo Las horas llegan y se van Y en sueños te puedo olvidar Y un deseo va cruzando la ciudad Si tu no estas aquí Si tu no estas aquí Solo un momento más Solo un minuto más Cuando tú te vas ya nada es igual Si tu no estas aquí Si tu no estas aquí Llego tu hora de mirar por ti, a convertirte en un hombre de verdad, tus 20 años es una edad ideal, para ponerte un casco y un fusil. La patria llama hay que acudir, y una mañana al irte, quiero oir de ti: Hoy por ti, mañana por mi, solo es cuestion de tiempo, hoy por ti, mañana por mi, esto no es el fin. Durante un tiempo el mundo se olvido de ti, abandonado al silencio y a la conducta, nunca quisiste ser un soldado de verdad, que con orgullo a su patria a de servir. Y cada dia igual que el anterior, bajo tu almohada mil recuerdos y una cancion. Hoy por ti, mañana por mi, solo es cuestion de tiempo, hoy por ti, mañana por mi, esto no es el fin. No hay de que preocuparse, todo marcha bien, ahora somos felices, todo marcha bien. Y nos sobra el dinero y el trabajo tambien nadie engaña, nadie roba, ni se matan por placer. Nos joden y nos reimos, todo marcha bien, nos importa todo un pijo, todo marcha bien. Mañana un nuevo discurso, que nadie va a entender, prometo y luego lo cumplo, nos vemos a obedecer. Complaciente,sonriente, no he olvidado enseñar los dientes. complaciente,sonriente, no he olvidado enseñar los dientes. Estamos todos de acuerdo, todo marcha bien, haber si dura cien años, todo marcha bien. Los banqueros muy contentos, los usureros tambien, y quien diga lo contrario, se ha vuelto loco ¿o que? Complaciente,sonriente, no he olvidado enseñar los dientes. complaciente,sonriente, no he olvidado enseñar los dientes. Uno, dos, un dos tres Unas cuantas copas de mas me tome Y todo bailaba al son de mis pies A ti te quiero hablar no pareces escuchar Sonries y te vas a otro lugar. Dame un cigarro y fuego tambien Cualquier excusa es buena otra vez Me siento junto a ti Depronto llega el Y te pregunta: "Este tipo quien es?" Nada que perder, nada que ganar Solo una mirada y nada mas Me lo presentas le caigo muy bien Me invita una copa y a otra despues Y ella se largo sin decir adios Dejandonos solos a los dos. Mas tarde o temprano contigo me lo hare Se que no eres facil pero lo conseguire Y es que soy asi que le voy a hacer Hoy me ha salido todo al reves Nada que perder, nada que ganar Solo una mirada y nada mas Nada que perder, nada que ganar Solo una mirada y nada mas Nada que perder, nada que ganar Solo una mirada y nada mas Nada que perder, nada que ganar Solo una mirada y nada mas Noooo, no me cuentes problemas, ohhhh olvidate de mi... Si a tu casa llegas antes, y en tu cama hay otro en tu lugar, si tu vecina es una cochina, la culpa no la tengo yo. Si al trabajo llegas tarde, y tu jefe se pone a chillar, si un dia bebes demasiado, no seas palizas y dejame en paz! No!, no me cuentes problemas... olvidate de mi,,, no! no me cuentes problemas, olvidate de mi... Si yo hago lo que quiero es cosa mia y de nadie mas, si la suerte te da la espalda, no creas que solo te pasa a ti. Si tu cuernos rozan las puertas, ponte de lazo y podras pasar, si nunca ligas, no me digas, que todas las chicas son igual. Tu crees que en algun lugar esta tu principe azul, te ries de todo aquel que intenta acercarse a ti. Yo que soy un tio normal, a veces no entiendo por que quieres jugar a que te ponga un zapato de cristal. Vives en un cuento, vives en un cuento. Te gusta aunque lo nieges oir lo buena que estas, y que todos se alucinen cuando te vean pasar. Se muy bien te gusta jugar a las muñecas a pesar de tu edad, y tu princesa en un cuento si final. Vives en un cuento, vives en un cuento. Y si en algun momento decides cambiar, ya sabes lo que yo siento,eso si es de verdad, soñar no es nada malo pero puede pasar que encima de tu nube nunca quieras bajar. Vives en un cuento, vives en un cuento. Un dia alguien dejo escrito debeis amar a vuestros hermanos Quizas te olvidaste de los negros de los indios y del que no es blanco Ante mis ojos todos sois iguales tanto los pobres como los ricos Por eso mueren tantos niños de hambre y a otros les sobra para armas de combate Donde estabas tu... cuando cayo la bomba en Hiroshima Donde estabas tu... cuando estallo la guerra de Vietnam Donde estabas tu... cuando morian de hambre en Etiopia Donde estabas tu... Si os golpean poned la otra mejilla no hagais la guerra sino la paz Estamos hartos de tantas doctrinas solo hay una vida y luego nada mas Cuidaos del sexo que es fuente de pecado no deseeis la mujer del vecino Al menos dejanos disfrutar a los humanos de lo que bajo tierra han de comerse los gusanos.... Donde estabas tu... cuando cayo la bomba en Hiroshima Donde estabas tu... cuando estallo la guerra de Vietnam Donde estabas tu... cuando morian de hambre en Etiopia Donde estabas tu...  Perdido en una calle Allá por la cuidad de México Un hotel medio escondido Va a dar respuesta a mi tentación Y en la puerta, número 3-1-7 Tres diecisite! Me hablas de amor, dices que va en serio No sé si creerte, no soy el primero Me haces sentir, todo un caballero Pero en el fondo, yo sé que eres: Bella de día, zorra por la noche Bella de día, este es el Momento Este es tu momento, srta. Hyde... Te levantas por la mañana Siempre pensando a quien vas a cazar Tal vez espere que llegue el día Que alguien crea que vas de verdad Y en la puerta, número 3-1-7 Tres diecisite! Tu vida depende sólo de un espejo Te miras por fuera y luego por dentro Huellas en tu rostro van marcando el tiempo Ya ni las pinturas borran tu secreto. Bella de día, zorra por la noche Bella de día, este es el Momento Este es tu momento, srta. Hyde... Cuando a veces sonríes, tus ojos dicen de ti la verdad Una mentira más, a quien le va a importar Igual que los tomas los dejas seguro que otro pronto vendrá Tu cama es de cualquiera que te pueda olvidar Bella de día, zorra por la noche Bella de día, este es el momento Este es tu momento Bella de día, zorra por la noche Bella de día, este, este es el momento. Las calles de mi barrio están tristes hace un tiempo Por que hay niños jugando a ver quién se mata primero No hay que esperar a que nada caiga del cielo Si estas del lado oscuro tendrás que echarle un par de huevos Y en las esquinas como sombras están Por encima del bien y del mal miradas perdidas caras de ansiedad Pensando:-da igual! Sólo una vez más Oh,... Miradas perdidas en la Oscuridad Oh,... miradas perdidas en la Oscuridad Ignorando el futuro, sólo vale el cruel presente Sacando de la manga, una excusa para el día siguiente Apretando los dientes, maldiciendo su negra suerte Quemando el poco orgullo, para levantar la frente Y doce campanas anunciando están Que la noche acaba de llegar Se escapan dos lagrimas que al suelo van Sin que una mano amiga las venga a secar Oh,... Miradas perdidas en la Oscuridad Oh,... miradas perdidas en la Oscuridad Mucha,mucha policía por las calles todo el día Buscando delincuentes que no están entre la gente, entre la gente, entre la gente, entre la gente Políticos mamónes que nos tocan los cojónes Vendiendo un futuro que no vale ni un duro, ni un duro, ni un duro No se que puedo hacer Na na na na na na na na..... Y yo aquí se jugandome la vida A cara o cruz a cara o cruz Tipos vestidos con traje gris por las calles de Madrid trabajando como hormigas para irse a las Malvinas, a las Malvinas, a las Malvinas, a las Malvinas Y yo que puedo conseguir no me gusta lo que hay aquí nunca encuentro lo que busco y nunca busco lo que encuentro y lo que busco no lo encuentro. Llévame contigo al país donde los sueños no tienen fin llévame contigo al país donde las noches no tienen fin llévame contigo al país donde los sueños no tienen fin llévame contigo al país donde las noches no tienen fin La tierra gira y cada vez, cae al vacío la libertad los hombres buenos se escondieron, ni se sabe dónde están Ya ni creen en el juicio final Nuevas formas de esclavitud, nuevas maneras de aniquilar Los profetas están mudos, ya no dicen la verdad Sólo hay una forma de poderlos parar... Rompe! Rompe! Rompe con todo esto! Lucha! Lucha! Lucha por tus derechos Si estas dormido despiértate y muévete ya! Hay cosas que no hay que pasar No hay que perder nunca las ganas de gritar Y de hacerse respetar Sentirse humano es una necesidad Que nadie te la puede quitar Sé que lo intentan, siempre lo intentan Pero nosotros somos muchos más Aunque tengas ganas de mandarnos a la muerda Si montas la bronca... algo conseguiras! Rompe! Rompe! Rompe con todo esto! Lucha! Lucha! Lucha por tus derechos Si estas dormido despiértate y muévete ya! Hay cosas que no hay que pasar Queda prohibido incluso hasta respirar, Reír, sentir o pensar Las nuevas leyes son para todos igual Menos para quien las pueda pagar Y dicho esto, por si no lo entiendes Apúntate a un programa de integración social Aunque tengas ganas de mandarnos a la mie... Si montas la bronca... algo conseguirás! Rompe! Rompe! Rompe con todo esto! Lucha! Lucha! Lucha por tus derechos Si estas dormido despiértate y muévete ya! Hay cosas que no hay que pasar Poco a poco dejamos de hablar No sé por que pero esa es la verdad No sé que historias pensabas tú de mí Nada más lejos de la realidad Si en algún momento te he hecho llorar Si mis palabras te hacen llorar Si en mis caricias tu ves la verdad Con tus silencios no me quieras castigar Aquí no hay una guerra que ganar Ni un culpable a quien juzgar Nada es fácil cuando se trata de dos... Siempre jugando al amor Siempre jugando al amor Aunque en mis ropas huelas a traición Aunque imagines cosas que no son La vida es un permanente adiós Quemando las horas entre los dos Si en algun momento te he hecho llorar Si mis palabras te hacen dudar Nada es fácil cuando se trata de dos Siempre jugando al amor Siempre jugando al amor Siempre jugando al amor Es la historia de una loca Que se llamaba Lola Me dijo que era virgen, ja, ja,... No pega ni con cola Rojo en sus labios, blanco en sus dientes Y nada, nada, nada,... dentro de su mente Sexo en exceso Sexo en exceso oh..., yeah Me dice que es muy tarde Se tiene que marchar Que se largue en un taxi O la tengo que llevar Llegamos a su casa, me ata a la cama Y los litros de cerveza que llenan mi cabeza Impiden que yo vea lo que era una sorpresa Y es que aquella loca... no se llamaba Lola! Sexo en exceso Sexo en exceso oh..., yeah Cuando nací me fue todo muy bien Me sonreían y yo a ellos también En unos años todo cambió y escuchaba a mi alrededor El desastre que seria de mayor Fui un niño casi igual a todos los demás Con algunas diferencias que irritaban a mi papá Me gustaba pelear y nada estudiar En clase la maestra era mi símbolo sexual Poco a poco hartos de mi, llegó el juicio final Y mi gran castigo fue ir a trabajar El ayer ya se fue no preguntes porqué Búscame detrás de las puertas del mal Allí estaré contigo o sin ti Con el tiempo comprendí que me querías cambiar Se que tengo mil defectos igual que los demás Pero chica ya esta bien, no quieras arreglar Lo que en cien años nadie pudo lograr Y no digas que no te dije a ti por última vez Búscame detrás de las puertas del mal Allí estaré contigo o sin ti No se si estoy despierto o quizás esté... muerto! Cruzando la frontera entre el bien y el mal Y no digas que no te dije a ti por última vez Búscame detrás de las puertas del mal Allí estaré contigo o sin ti Allí estaré contigo o sin ti Desconocido es un motivo para encontrar mi malestar Y como herido, así me siento, pues lo que conocí Dejó de existir Mira un poco hacia atrás u lo habrás de encontrar Fue como una ilusión que un día se alejó De mi imaginación Desconocido, nada es distinto Solo tu mismo lo veras mejor Desconocido nada es distinto Todo ha cambiado quizás a peor Si queda algo no es lo mismo En este infierno ya no distingo Y aunque me joda este modismo Que ya no aguanto y es por instinto, yeah! Se que nunca estarás donde quieras llegar No hay futuro sin fin que se apiade de ti Desconocido, nada es distinto Solo tu mismo lo veras mejor Desconocido nada es distinto Todo ha cambiado quizás a peor No hay futuro sin fin que se apiade de ti Desconocido, nada es distinto Solo tu mismo lo veras mejor Desconocido nada es distinto Todo ha cambiado quizás a peor Como una pesadilla que no acaba jamás El culto a la violencia y gentes que se van Regalando sus vidas por un gran ideal Que solo los de siempre llegan a disfrutar Viviendo en la mentira, creyendo que es verdad corriendo al infinito sin meta que alcanzar Perdiendo la sonrisa, ganando en vanidad Huyendo de los locos, y cada día hay más A veces es mas fácil reír y no llorar Jugar al no me importa, pero en mi soledad Cansado de palabras, cansado de esperar Un grito en el silencio... - alguien lo escuchará..! Me imagino paseando en un sueño... Imagino a la gente feliz... Imagino niños sonriendo... Y en mis sueños que estés junto a mi Me imagino paseando en un sueño... Imagino a la gente feliz... Imagino niños sonriendo... Y en mis sueños que estés junto a mi Dentro de ti, algo va mal, A cada momento dice mi mamá Tanto ir y venir, beber y fumar Pensando en las chicas y nada mas Odio lo normal, nada me interesa Sólo divertirme y los litros de cerveza Creo en lo que veo, no en lo que esta de moda No escucho consejos ni sigo las normas Desde ahora siempre haré: lo que yo quiera! Este mal o este bien: lo que yo quiera! Si me equivoco me da igual: lo que yo quiera! Siempre, siempre, lo haré Si estás pensando que nada hay dentro de mí te estas equivocando mamá la vida es así... Desde ahora siempre haré: lo que yo quiera! Este mal o este bien: lo que yo quiera! Si me equivoco me da igual: lo que yo quiera! Siempre, siempre, lo haré Desde ahora siempre haré: lo que yo quiera! Este mal o este bien: lo que yo quiera! Si me equivoco me da igual: lo que yo quiera! Siempre, siempre, lo haré  Todos Somos Angeles Todos Somos Angeles Si el dinero es papel Y el papel es madera Si no hay nada para mi Me pondré en pie de guerra Ni robare, ni matare Pero en las calles la bronca armare Tantos discursos y para que Si hoy estoy lo mismo que ayer Puede que no sirva para nada Puede que mi voz no se oiga bien Puede que no se sienta mi rabia Pero esto es lo que debo hacer Todos somos angeles Todos somos angleles No estoy perdido si no al revés Cruzarme de brazos no me sienta bien Ponte las pilas acompáñame Y ya veras como nos va a ir bien Ni robare, ni matare Pero en las calles la bronca armare Tantos discursos y para que Si hoy estoy lo mismo que ayer Puede que no sirva para nada Puede que mi voz no se oiga bien Puede que no se sienta mi rabia Pero esto es lo que debo hacer Todos somos angeles Todos somos angleles Puede que no sirva para nada Puede que mi voz no se oiga bien Puede que no se sienta mi rabia Pero esto es lo que debo hacer Si tengo algo que perder Por ser como hay que ser Si las palabras ya no sirven ni para convencer Cuando el odio vence al amor Yo que puedo hacer Cuando una mano mata a un millón Yo que puedo hacer No lo se eeee eeee No lo se eeee eeee Si ya no creo en nada mas Que en lo que pueda ver Si miro al cielo para ver Algo en lo que creer Las dudas muerden mi interior Yo que puedo hacer Cuando una mano mata a un millón Yo que puedo hacer No lo se eeee eeee No lo se eeee eeee Cuando miro todo a mi alrededor Yo que puedo hacer Cuando el odio siempre vence al amor Yo que puedo hacer Cuando una mano mata a un millon Yo que puedo hacer Cuando el odio siempre vence al amor Yo que puedo hacer No lo se eeee eeee No lo se eeee eeee Acababa de vender mi alma al diablo Desde el primer momento en que te conocí Y en la frontera donde esta el amor y el deseo Quede atrapado sin saber donde estaba el fin Oh oh buscando la llave Oh oh de tu corazón Oh oh para que me hable Oh oh me hable de amor Hay veces que no es fácil distinguir la tierra del cielo Pero en el fondo todos tenemos una cosa en común Los sentimientos siempre vencen a los deseos Y tras las sombras siempre llega un rayo de luz Oh oh buscando la llave Oh oh de tu corazón Oh oh para que me hable Oh oh me hable de amor Oh oh buscando la llave Oh oh de tu corazón Oh oh para que me hable Oh oh me hable de amor Estaba mirando los restos del ayer Estaba llorando por lo que fue y no es Su tierra arrasada su origen también Sus antepasados claman delante de el Y cantan ooeea al recuerdo del ayer Y bailan ooeea al gran pueblo que siempre fue La brisa en el rostro la tarde al caer El espíritu del guerrero le recuerda lo que es El águila vuela tras el ritual Y danza en el cielo cuando el sol se va Y cantan ooeea al recuerdo del ayer Y bailan ooeea al gran pueblo que siempre fue Y la luna dibuja en la pradera un gran corazón Y en esos hijos de América la esperanza volvió Y cantan ooeea al recuerdo del ayer Y bailan ooeea al gran pueblo que siempre fue Y la luna dibuja en la pradera un gran corazón Y en esos hijos de América la esperanza volvió Y en esos hijos de América la esperanza volvió Cuando llega ese momento Que no sabes si es real No piensas en otra cosa Y sientes que es tu hora de amar Pega fuerte el sentimiento No distingues entre el bien y el mal La magia de esa mirada Que te rompe el corazón Sobran todas las palabras Es tan solo un sentimiento de amor Solo el uno para el otro Y la nada a nuestro alrededor Es amor lo que siento por ti Es amor lo que siento por ti Quiero que no acabe nunca Quiero que siempre sea así Y cuando llegue la tarde Y te marches a tu casa sin mi Intentare engañar al tiempo Cerrar los ojos y pensar en ti Es amor lo que siento por ti Es amor lo que siento por ti Cae la noche en la cuidad Sonrisas y lagrimas se confundirán Algunos buscan ir mas allá Las calles oscuras y la luz de un bar Cae la noche... Hay quien bebe para olvidar Y también para celebrar Hay quien llora para engañar Y quien ríe por no llorar Y la noche a cada uno da Lo que de ella quieras tomar Y siento que dentro de mi Esa magia es muy real Algo que me hace sentir Algo que me hace soñar Algo que me hace vibrar Algo que me lleva a ti Na na na na na Na na na na na na Aquellos que huimos de la realidad Nos vestimos de fiesta por una vez mas Sonriendo a las sombras, queriendo olvidar Solo por unas horas la rutina infernal Cae la noche... Hay quien bebe para olvidar Y también para celebrar Hay quien llora para engañar Y quien ríe por no llorar Y la noche a cada uno da Lo que de ella quieras tomar Y siento que dentro de mi Esa magia es muy real Algo que me hace sentir Algo que me hace soñar Algo que me hace vibrar Algo que me lleva a ti Hey mírame y dime la verdad Mírame a los ojos con eso me bastara A veces las cosas no son lo que parecen Y tampoco importa lo que diga la gente Na na na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na na na Son cosas entre tu y yo Y estoy loco por ti No te vayas por favor Lo eres todo para mi El silencio nos separo Ya nada es como ayer Tal vez el culpable fui yo No sabia lo que iba a perder Son cosas entre tu y yo Y estoy loco por ti No te vayas por favor Lo eres todo para mi Que es lo que me pasa Que es lo que me pasa Que es lo que me pasa Que es lo que me pasa Son cosas entre tu y yo Y estoy loco por ti No te vayas por favor Lo eres todo para mi Yo se bien que estoy afuera Pero el día en que yo me muera Se que tendrás que llorar Dirás que no me quisiste Pero vas a estar muy triste Y así te vas a quedar Con dinero y sin dinero Hago siempre lo que quiero Y mi palabra es la ley No tengo trono ni reina Ni nadie que me comprenda Pero sigo siendo el rey Una piedra en mi camino Me enseño que mi destino Era rodar y rodar Un día me dijo un arriero Que no hay que llegar primero Si no hay que saber llegar Con dinero y sin dinero Hago siempre lo que quiero Y mi palabra es la ley No tengo trono ni reina Ni nadie que me comprenda Pero sigo siendo el rey Soy al que no es fácil conocer Soy el que no camina con los pies Lo que otros ven normal yo lo veo al revés Prefiero escuchar y callar lo que no se Me gustan los misterios que tu cierras bajo llave Me gusta tu silencio cuando veo amanecer Me gusta oír tu voz cuando cantas a la nada Y ser libre como el viento Si quieres descubrir otras cosas de mi Hay una en especial que te quiero decir También quiero soñar también quiero sentir Mirarte a los ojos y que me mires a mi Me gustan los misterios que tu cierras bajo llave Me gusta tu silencio cuando veo amanecer Me gusta oír tu voz cuando cantas a la nada Y ser libre como el viento Me gustan los misterios que tu cierras bajo llave Me gusta tu silencio cuando veo amanecer Me gusta oír tu voz cuando cantas a la nada Y ser libre como el viento Quiero creer que hay algo mas Que solo pura vanidad Quiero creer en la lealtad Y en los amigos de verdad Si he de ganar para ver perder Prefiero dar la marcha atrás Si he de vivir para ver morir He de se capaz de llorar He de ser capaz de llorar Aunque este perdido en mis sueños No estoy tan solo como yo creí Se que tu estas siempre junto a mi Ya somos mas los que siempre pensamos así Si para ser a veces feliz He de olvidarme que hay gente infeliz La realidad no es realidad Si yo no hago algo por ti Si yo no hago algo por ti Aunque este perdido en mis sueños No estoy tan solo como yo creí Se que tu estas siempre junto a mi Y que seguirás hasta el fin Yo se que estas ahí siempre hasta el fin Yo se que estas aquí... aquí junto a mi Si si lo se. Lo se. Se que tu estas aquí siempre hasta el fin Lo se lo se  Through the landscape, broad and green Runs the river wild Through the land untouched, unseen Runs an innocent child Carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders Carrying the faith of men in his hands Carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders Carrying the faith of us all in his little hands What the future holds for him He does not yet know 'Till he awakes from a dream filled with grief and sorrow In the darkest hour of night Someone takes him away To prepare him for the task That he'll fulfill one day Carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders Carrying the faith of men in his hands Carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders Carrying the faith of us all in his little hands When darkness falls upon the land His choice has to be made Will he let evil forces dwell We feed on blood and hate He doesn't even have to fight Nor will he lead a war To save our soul he'll give his life Become a shooting star When he calls the sun will shine Night will fall when closed be his eyes When he laughs, rainbows will rise His tears will fall like rain from the skies Bringing life to field and land Carrying the faith of the world in his hands The path they have shown us Is long forgotten The way they lead us Lies far behind And what they taught us We have forgotten Their knowledge lost now For human kind They ripped out my heart and soul Their words they sound so foul I trusted them and now I am alone I'm lost eternally The truth it cuts so deep Forgotten now the ancient history MEN! POWER! LEADS TO... CORRUPTION Knowledge passed by the divine Offered to mankind Turned to their hand We have gone astray Men of power entwine The fall of mankind Let us find Where we've gone astray The path we've chosen Is long and troubled The way it leads us Rough for mankind Without their presence All is forgotten Everything's lost now In space and time Knowledge gone with their short lives The ancient they have died The world can't hear their never ending cries Their eyes are filled with tears Their children they can't see What's hidden deep inside their memory MEN! POWER! LEADS TO... CORRUPTION And as the world keeps turning day and night The power of hope's burning deep inside Burning in our hearts Burning in our souls Giving us the strength to carry on Fighting for our future Fighting for our dreams Battling for freedom With all means Waiting for our future Dreaming all our dreams Battling for freedom With all means And everything will be allright If the world keeps turning Everything will be allright If our hope keeps burning And everything will be allright If the sun keeps shining Everything will be allright If we keep on fighting And as the world keeps turning day and night The power of hope's dying deep inside Dying in our hearts Dying in our souls Taking all our strength, we can't carry on Fighting for our future Fighting for our dreams Battling for freedom With all means Waiting for our future Dreaming all our dreams Battling for freedom With all means And nothing is gonna be allright 'Cause our hope is dying Nothing is gonna be allright We can't keep on fighting Love is true But it can die When this true love Comes from one side All the love I give You're raping All the time we shared You're wasting All the hate I eat It drains me All of it frustrates me For I love Feel no hate, no pain Why am I running Regrets are in vain It's no use crying Hide my tears in the rain Time has closed the door My soul lies in chains See the blood on the floor Your hysterical cries I help and try But you don't care You just suck me dry All the love I feel It hurts me All these feelings They confuse me I love you Don't I? Then why oh why You hurt me My feelings cease I feel the snap No way back Time to attack All the pain you gave I gave back With one clear stroke Your skull cracks Your life slips away It was already taken And yours had to come Wandering through this forest Away from them... ... who raped my mind In my loneliness Only the pain grows... ... stronger Lifeless eyes shimmer And the sound of drops... ... fills my heart I howl For the moon is full tonight I crawl For the heartache burns inside Angels They bow as I pass by Angels Cry tears that cannot dry My well flows over Into the empty... ... night My soul bleeds severely Still it cannot... ...be healed I crawl in stone arms Helpless... ... till sleep I howl For the moon is full tonight I crawl For the heartache burns inside Angels They bow as I pass by Angels Cry tears that cannot dry Punished For the things I haven't done Banished For the being I've become Angels Comfort me as I cry Angels A reason not to die  Across the heavens, a burning star Calling all souls, from near and afar Riding the wind on wings of steel All non believers wither and kneel Split the sky, shake the Earth Warmachines that plought trough dirt Forests ablaze with seas poisoned The human race torn assunder Steal the light Kiss the sky Let the red-winged angel fly Hear the voices of the lost souls Crawling up from between burning coal Beckoning to be set free Freedom beneath those burning trees  Now, darkness my old friend It's time to strike again The Battle is nigh For our enemies are strong We will not go down Like a flock of sheep Charge! The swords blazing fiercely We will know no fear Valhalla calls our name Blood upon the trampled soil The opposition will be foiled They perish by our wrath Barbari instant nos Maior est numerus Sed perseveramus Quanti nostrum Ex pugna supererunt? Quantus sanguis Fluet in nostrorum ordinibus? Pugna erumpit, Stringo gladium Magno clamore infero Me hostibus Sanguinis saporem salsum Sentio in labris Vae istum qui audet me experiri Morimini Ride into oblivion! Morimini et opprimini oblivione Ride into oblivion! And if I fall down and die My mortal soul will rise From the ashes be reborn The stars will show me the way In Odin's hall I'll stay In its splendour I will bathe Silentium Revertit Tantummodo vox sonat Fessus in solum succumbo Iterum proelio Vincunt Saxones, Per Wodan voveo: numquam deficiemus! Vincent Saxones! Ride into oblivion! Morimini et opprimini oblivione Ride into oblivion! Ride into oblivion! We are calling out to you Never failing to bleed through As we wait 'til the end Poisoned needle, heaven sent Man or myth, love is murder Diabolical, it goes further Words can not express our pain Torture is all that remains So the end is near Chaos reigns our fear We kneel on the frozen soil. Craving for deliverance Desperate thoughts fill our minds As our wailing voices cry of bliss divine Now disease consumes all hope Phantoms devour our remains Death reigns here, taking all life Frantic laughter fills the sky Mercy, we beg for mercy For us, the Fallen Ones But we will die here in this wasteland All hope is lost Mercy, we beg for mercy For us, the Fallen Ones But we will die here in this wasteland All hope is lost and we will fade War and famine plagues the land The midnight hour's close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood At your hands we slowly rot Never to see the light of day The fallen ones gone astray Needing, feeding, dying Never to stop trying Damned are the fallen ones Craving for deliverance Desperate thoughts fill their minds As their wailing voices cry of bliss divine Mercy, we beg for mercy For us, the Fallen Ones But we will die here in this wasteland All hope is lost Mercy, we beg for mercy For us, the Fallen Ones But we will die here in this wasteland All hope is lost and we will fade Sailors! Heed my words The dark sea is unforgiving tonight Rising waves Will crash into the shore The second coming The howling wind caresses sails In the murky depths His throne stands strong Wielding Fragarach he leads the way, God of the oceans and lord of the storms. Hear the wind roar for him, son of the sea. Son of the sea. Fly! Like the wind Manannán mac Lir He rides the waves on high! The one, the daring god Guides our longships back to shore Under his banner We will find our native land Feast in his name Blazing bonfires upon the shore Praised be his name Manannan of the sea! Protector of the Isle of Man He calls out to the water to obey his will. Concealed by his cloak of mist he rides He rides the waves Fly! Like the wind Manannán mac Lir He rides the waves on high! Sleeping demons, colourful lies The hands that sever mournful ties Hands of winter caress my skin Fuelling the fire raging within Blinded by ice, raining down Crows whisper, a sanctified crown Mocking the survival of life A barren desert, void of might Touch the hands of Frost Let the soothing cold dance over your skin As his moonlit eyes ensnare you Surrendered to his mercy Frost is his name Frost is his soul Frost is his touch Flawless, relentless, an eternal creature Storm, blizzard, they are his allies Pity the one who dares to defy him For he cannot escape winter's deadly kiss Touch the hands of Frost Let the soothing cold dance over your skin As his moonlit eyes ensnare you Surrendered to his mercy Frost is his name Frost is his soul Frost is his touch On a misty winter's morning When all was still Came upon the shores of Albion A plague from the North Death by the sword The unsuspecting villagers Toiled and tussled their daily lives But on wings of pestilence Northmen came to bring demise Riding on through the white valleys Bringing death to all who resists Bringers of death, scavengers of sorrow Order of the axe, murder on the morrow Never to be seen, rumours to be heard Struck upon the shore of this earth Lindisfarne Soon the dust had settled Bodies littered the streets Church lay in ashes, none were spared On the wild seas Dragonheads they rode Bringing home their hoard The order of the sword Riding on through the white valleys Bringing death to all who resists Bringers of death, scavengers of sorrow Order of the axe, murder on the morrow Never to be seen, rumours to be heard Struck upon the shore of this earth Lindisfarne See me! Under the blazing sun of a desert reign I rule over these lands My temple of debauchery, a place of wickedness It calls weary travellers from far and wide For my pleasure Fear me! My snakeskin appearance will drive you to stone No one is safe from my piercing gaze You are mine when you see me Now and forever None shall stand alive Once I was beautiful, but now I am cursed No-one can withstand me To look upon me is to die. You have gone too far, you can not return Now you are in my power You are trapped for all eternity. Weak fool, do you think that you can defy me? You mean nothing to me! Your soul will forever be mine. For ancient glory and be blessed by the lord You fail to justify This heresy abhorred So you torture And judge all at will Beyond compassion Beyond grace Torquemada he comes for your soul The inquisition will soon take its toll The Grand inquisitor The duke of hell Claiming to do gods work Retaliation of death's knell You have no conscience You have no pride only evil reigns in those bloodshot eyes Torquemada he comes for your soul the inquisition will soon take its toll Torquemada Your time will come Here he comes The great inquisitor The Hammer of Heretics The light of Spain The saviour of this country Death by fire is what you get The sinners shall burn Cruelty he does not fear All shall convert or die Look beyond the stars and see The child of ages came to me It laughed and touched my hand As I crawled the barren land Forlorn Is my middle name Lost and weary Nothing but a number Life slips through my fingers For no one knows the truth That we are lost and gone forever Trapped in endless endeavour Forlorn Is my middle name Lost and weary Nothing but a name No circling dragons above No false ideas about love No chains to break No freedom to take No false ideas about love Look beyond the stars and see The child of ages came to me It laughed and touched my hand As I crawled the barren land Forlorn Is my middle name Lost and weary Nothing but a name No circling dragons above No false ideas about love No chains to break No freedom to take No false ideas about love When the woods are dark and cold And the warmth has fled these valleys he goblins arrive to start their wretched feast No human can ever comprehend these rituals they are but reserved for the children of the earth The goblins came together to perform their ancient rites Deep in the magic forest and in the darkest night Legendary forest! Goblins round the bonfire! No human may ever witness these strange events For if they do, the consequences are severe: They are bound to the witch-king's hands The tale of woebetidings draws to a close Remember these words if you happen to stray too far They bowed for their king, he commanded them to rise 'Stand up,' is what he told them, 'and bring forth the sacrifice.' Legendary forest! Goblins round the bonfire!  Tonight I will delight In your word, give me sight to see what your will is. I hope that I'm not wrong. Lord make me strong, to walk from sin again and again Chorus: I'm walkin' in faith Show you Lord I'm strong enough to stay I know what right and wrong is I'm talkin' in faith the promises You made I mean to take. I'll give it all that I've got cause I know I love you alot can't wait to see you I want to carry on hopin' It's not long before You take your bride up and away I'm walkin' in faith You're in my sight and I'm aimin' for the target loaded and ready time's been well worth waiting on you I'm walkin' in faith Another day in the tale and I'm blinded still by the walls of temptation. Just isn't fair when you need somebody there to fight this sensation. These walls won't stand I'm holdin' the hand of the Lord to take these stones away My soul's on fire with what I see but my flesh won't metl away It keeps callin' and callin' and callin' my name. Something inside knows if we try. We can have a dream I do believe I need to hear voice to cheer my heart and send me on my way. Hold on, for a little while hold on for a little while longer. Be strong wait and see cause I still believe that the rainbow's still within reach. that your love can cover me. Alone once again still can't comprehend Your grace and Your mercy You want to bare my pain and despair Lord bare it this evening Well I don't know it all looks new It's the same Ol'... Puttin' in time I'll honor you Lord with all that's mine. Gimme Gimme never gets workin' hard to bring it in closer need ya to stand right by my side. I will, I will, I do, I do. It's all I can do is to say and to carry my candle another day. Should I be brought before nations. I'll say only what you want me to say Well I don't know all so new and it's gettin' so old. how many will die before we uproot the money tree? Gimme Gimme never ever ends. The more I get the more I want, ya ya But I don't want to let it get to me. It's all I can do...  Burn into me a new way of living A way that I can perceive Sad to see so much rejection A race that will just not believe I wanna carry all I am giving It's all that you want from me I've been tried to be overtaken I rejoice in your victory I, I come alive when I feel the fire inside I, no I can't hide the light that belongs in my life 'Cause you keep it burning Strengthen me to stand through temptation And in the strenght of your name Empower me, show me the weapons The weapons I need Guard my mind, alert and aware The sight of the battle ground The captain approaches, His coming is near Let no offense be found I wanna carry all I am giving It's all that you want from me I've been tried to be overtaken I rejoice in your victory I, I come alive when I feel the fire inside I, no I can't hide the light that belongs in my life 'Cause you keep it burning I, I come alive when I feel the fire inside I, no I can't hide the light that belongs in my life 'Cause you keep it burning I, I come alive when I feel the fire inside I, no I can't hide the light that belongs in my life 'Cause you keep it burning Who'd believed the dreams we shared Our ambitions took us there We didn't know, we didn't care All of a sudden to my surprise The pains of reality arise Could I have known, my dreams were just lies No one ever talked about The method or the reason As I stood here on my own I've got to wonder what I need Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to stand and agree I know I see But I need some help to succeed Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to reach for the need I know it's true But I need some help to believe Now as I see above the crowd It doesn't look easy, I don't know how Can you explain, this vision to me Left or right, it's so unclear I missed the voice that I gotta hear Just gonna stop and wait 'til I find you No one ever warned me when This wheel went into motion Never showed me how to steer In a course full up to here Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to stand and agree I know I see But I need some help to succeed Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to reach for the need I know it's true But I need some help to believe Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to stand and agree I know I see But I need some help to succeed Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to reach for the need I know it's true But I need some help to believe Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to stand and agree I know I see But I need some help to succeed Someone to believe in me (in me) Someone to reach for the need I know it's true And I need some help to believe Feeling better Now that I understand Just what you require And I know that I'll win 'cause I can Knowing that you set the standard for me All in all, it's really not what I had expected to see Lately though, I've been learning that it's only Just between you and me And what's all this talk about a ball and a chain Can't you see all the freedom I've gained Cover me I've got to give all the good that I can get outta me I know the bad gives me trouble but it shows me I need A little help just to lead me along Pick me up, shake the dust, then move on Cover me Real as it is, it doesn't mean it's always easy to believe what I see Now and agin, you know I'd like for you to tell me that things are o.k. Wish it was as easy as a phone call away 'cause I could use some advise here today Cover me I've got to give all the good that I can get outta me I know the bad gives me trouble but it shows me I need A little help just to lead me along Pick me up, shake the dust, then move on Cover me Feeling better Now that I understand You say that everything matters Just remember those prints in the sand And the end will justify the means I've got to give all the good that I can get outta me I know the bad gives me trouble but it shows me I need A little help just to lead me along Pick me up, shake the dust, then move on Cover me I've got to give all the good that I can get outta me A little help just to lead me along Pick me up, shake the dust, then move on Cover me Can you imagine A paradise unseen Would it seem worth searching for I'm sure you know what I mean Now and again I'll wonder What's in store, can this be real The end of every man Reminds me that it is clear There is a part of me That wants to stop, get off and leave 'Cause I know that I'm ready to go on home Home sweet Heaven Where I wanna be When you know there's a new world waiting This place can lose it's appeal Home sweet Heaven (Heaven) When you know there's a kingdom coming Days are lived in perfect peace Come and take pleasure I know for sure you'll agree A new realm of understanding Become your reality Given a measure Of what it takes to believe Don't be caught without the excuse To answer for your plea The day seems brighter when You keep in mind the very end And you know that you're ready to go on home Home sweet Heaven Where I wanna be When you know there's a new world waiting This place can lose it's appeal Home sweet Heaven (Heaven) When you know there's a kingdom coming Days are lived in perfect peace Home sweet Heaven Home sweet Heaven Home sweet Heaven Home sweet Heaven Home sweet Heaven Sometimes it's all I see The lonely souls in need Don't we recognize the sound Of a broken spirit's plea Where do we belong When we live in a world That seems so wrong Are you with me? A little love goes a long, long way But it hurts 'cause I want you to stay with me Don't you think I know how it feels At times it knows no bounds It's showered all around It fuels the fire in me It's a love that's Heavenly Where do we belong When we live in a world That knows no love Are you listening? A little love goes a long, long way But it hurts 'cause I want you to stay with me Don't you think I know how it feels A little love goes a long, long way But it hurts 'cause I want you to stay with me I know to well how you're feeling A little love goes a long, long way But it hurts 'cause I want you to stay with me My head is spinning My eyes are weak It's just another day Accustomed to this indecision Oh, here we go again Burned the bridge as I walk along Down the road that I've taken Can I return Lord, if I am wrong Does the path need to be straightened The memory of the dream I've held I pray you keep from fading as well Let it never part from me Sail away Mark the course that I'll be taking Sail away (sail away) Let me know 'cause I'll still be waiting Sail away (oh, oh, woah) Heal the hurting and the pain Sail away (sail away) Bring me out so I can see Heads or tails My life is turning The coin is wearing thin The winners gonna wear a smile But losers gotta live Burned the bridge as I walk along Down the road that I've taken Can I return Lord, if I am wrong Does the path need to be straightened The memory of the dream I've held I pray you keep from fading as well Let it never part from me Sail away Mark the course that I'll be taking Sail away (sail away) Let me know 'cause I'll still be waiting Sail away (oh, oh, woah) Heal the hurting and the pain Sail away (sail away) Bring me out so I can see Sail away Mark the course that I'll be taking Sail away (sail away) Let me know 'cause I'll still be waiting Sail away (oh, oh, woah) Heal the hurting and the pain Sail away (sail away) Bring me out so I can see Here all alone This time I've been thinking Just been hoping again I look to the sky Wonder what's waiting Can Heaven still be on my side Spent all this time Waiting for answers I can't wait anymore Running and waiting and hoping Do dreams ever just come along? I've just begun to believe That I'll get there if I remain strong Break for a view of what's really happening Once it goes I'll be gone Waiting for news that it's closer than ever Gotta keep pushing on Starting to feel Like I'm running on empty Time I draw the line You know where I'm at I've been trying for ever Been coming back time after time Now I've spent all my hope on this vision It's soon gotta come alive Running and waiting and hoping Do dreams ever just come along? Don't wanna leave but it's time To think that I might have been wrong Break for a view of what's really happening Once it goes I'll be gone Waiting for news that it's closer than ever Gotta keep pushing on Break for a view of what's really happening Once it goes, once it goes I'll be gone Waiting for news that it's closer than ever Gotta keep pushing on Break for a view of what's really happening Once it goes I'll be gone Waiting for news that it's closer than ever Gotta keep pushing on Break for a view of what's really happening Once it goes, once it goes Waiting for news that it's closer than ever Gotta keep pushing on Break for a view of what's really happening Once it goes I'll be gone Waiting for news that it's closer than ever Gotta keep pushing on Little by little We stagger through life Filling our pockets with change Never consider how bitter the end And gamble our lives away Round and round the centuries come and go None the wiser, wise men laugh and joke Rhyme and reason Don't wanna listen, hey Gonna answer anyway Rhyme and reason Ashes to ashes To dust I'll return This we all understand From where I came I brought nothing with me And I'll take with me much the same On and on now you'd think we'd learn Millions have died, never to return Rhyme and reason Don't wanna listen, hey Gonna answer anyway Rhyme and reason It's what I know Now what I see There's a spirit inside of me I will arise When I've died To give account on the other side Ashes to ashes To dust I'll return This we all understand From where I came I brought nothing with me And I'll take with me much the same Rhyme and reason Don't wanna listen, hey Gonna answer anyway Rhyme and reason Rhyme and reason Don't wanna listen, hey Rhyme and reason Rhyme and reason Don't wanna listen, hey Gonna answer anyway Rhyme and reason Once in a while I feel like I gotta say Something that comes to my mind At time it feels like there's no other way So I put to music When I'm at a loss for words It's easy to read My mind ain't able My heart wants to say Just how much you mean to me I don't mind but I realized You think I'm trying to hide There is a meaning present In the tears that I've cried Without words And not without meaning Without words I still get the feeling Not with words But I still got something to say Everytime I pick up and start to play I'm taken into my own world It seems like words don't belong, it's absurd But I gotta pick up, move on 'Cause the preassure's on We don't all agree Seems a shame that the words are the Life and the soul is what's buried beneath I don't mind but I realized You think I'm trying to hide There is a meaning present In the tears that I've cried Without words And not without meaning Without words I still get the feeling Not with words But I still got something to say I don't mind but I realized You think I'm trying to hide There is a meaning present In the tears that I've cried Without words And not without meaning Without words I still get the feeling Not with words But I still got something to say Without words And not without meaning Without words I still get the feeling Not with words But I still got something to say O Canada! Our home and native land! True patriot love in all thy sons command. With glowing hearts we see thee rise, The True North strong and free! From far and wide, O Canada, we stand on guard for thee. God keep our land glorious and free! O Canada, we stand on guard for thee. O Canada, we stand on guard for thee  While crossing those mourning lands In eternal vale of tears Missing the soothing caress of the sun My grieved soul wanders and cries And will never be lightened anymore O, swallowed pride in the dark An inner suffering leaves me breathless My sight is invaded by ruins Forgotten stones are weeping in the night Frozen memories of an eternal realm of pain Frozen memories… Will this haven of despair be my eternal jail? My heart beats faster while feeling this sorrow In this eternal vale of tears, I stare at my fallen soul In this eternal vale of tears lies an angel that breathes no more! Death and loss Those calling to me Funeral life is my endless agony I have seen a frozen fairy on the horizon Her wings caught in a stream of pain I have loved the tears of snow in her eyes Her last glance ripped my heart Her sorrow, my emptiness The velvet ice of her skin The frost of winter Her crystal coffin This painful sight changed my life Its pure essence of melancholy I wish site could take me in her arms Before disappearing, fading away… I am the Agony! Come to me my loveless one Embrace me by the coldness of your life Scream until your soul dies You are the bleeder of eternity I feel that you are the agony I am the Agony The faded innocent In the shade of the lost soul Until death takes my heart Death… A shade beneath my corpse My tomb lies in my soul My skin is torn of deceitful blades Blades of torment and despair A bleak premonition is haunting me The scent of dark grace is filling me I am the loveless one, the faded innocent… My last strenghts have forsaken me And the mist is surrounding me I feel the arrival of an unknown pain I give this last breath And I will be scattered in ashes The embrace of death Those cold arms over my chest My heart full of anger Frozen tears in my eyes I’m looking at my past and I’m losing myself An angel is calling me Its wings so close to my soul It wants to show me the way The way towards the sky Weeping ghost follows you in the land of sorrow Mourning ghost follows you to light the candle of death Weeping ghost follows you in the land of sorrow… Among the roots and rocks Under a starlit sky The forest blows its curse Upon the darkened souls Beneath tearstaind walls is lamenting my soul Forlorn A realm of sadness within me I weep and silently mourn All alone Willing to death Dancing with the cold hearts Without you Close to my tears, there is your memory Close to my grief, I let your poison blacken me I caress your shade and kiss your whispers As l‘m drowning in your loss The radiance of paradise Upon my skies A shroud of nothingness Once beloved memories Haunting me Digging my grave… Down I want to forget that I cried I'll stay where roses never die Your face is fading in the night I'll stay where roses never die… Dying soul slipping into the darkness Waves of sorrow grieving my heart A cold wind mesmerizing my senses Into despair, I leave my dreams It’s a cold trail A bleeding edge A neverending disaster It’s a cold trail A frozen soul My eternal crucifixion  Is there anything left Along the dying skyline Apart from this light which fades Kissing the world goodbye? At dusk, when shadows grow Behold the shining veil e secrets kept unfolded The wind, a sigh from the angels Burden of a meaningless life Infinite darkness freezes the hearts Godlike wrath gathering clouds Nights of pain upon the empty earth And I drown, and I fly And I'm hearing the wind And I cry with the clouds And I'm hearing the past And I pray, I'm away And I close my eyes And I stand alone In a little shrine of clouds And I drown, and I fly Surrounded by their graves A fall A land A call A shrine Running through empty vales Resting in a shadowed sky Flying away from the moon alling and sleeping In the shrine of fallen clouds Waving goodbye to the angels Vanished angels Never existed Leaving and keep away from the moon I don't tell the truth Remain in the light And I hold the breath of all those yesterdays Feel you in my heart Remain in the light And I always see the cross of yesterday Confusion of my soul This loss, my curse At night, I stay awake I am the guardian of my own hell Feeding the pyre of love-filled dreams The merciless life Consumed my illusions I cherish those fairytales Even though they were never mine To reach out for peace of mind Ashes, Ashes glowing in the rain My ashes Dead and remain in the light Frozen fire always burns And cover my ashes And the cross of yesterday... A longing without an end A memory that shall not leave From time to time It seems so pointless That a cruel rage weakens my heart The fragile silence echoes my pain Underneath the cross Protected by its shadow I gather our old treasures Delusive haven against myself Where my ashes always remain Drowned by this embrace The shining sky starts to unshape The gliding rays of sunlight are bleeding farewell The pines are moaning as my heart melts A gentle wind makes the flowers shiver and shake The sanguine gleams exalt our sorrow Last hopes are buried still tomorrow I remember those lonely walks Along the moors and the vineyards Desolate, bleak orchards Nature's demise in vivid beauty Darkness is coming something dies inside We're all grief-stricken by this scenery of night I just know he's feeling the scars of everything I just know he's burning all of the grieves Cold, cold, cold Cold were his memories and cold were his fading cries Reveal him all that you feel and forget what you have Give him the remaining tears and the ruins of your core End Come on to the silence End I'm dwelling in the light An unknown light I just know he's painting a secret on the floor I just know he's standing here in the nothingness I just know he'll never move and I don't know if I'll come to him Run to the lands of his mind and forget what you have Give him the remaining tears and give up all your life Run to the lands of his mind and forget what you have Give him the remaining tears and give up all your life End Come on to the silence End I'm dwelling in the light End, gathering the angels End, we're dwelling in the light An unknown light Like the poisoned scent of my hollow dream A deadly wind touches my face and freezes my last tears The absence of love inflames my sadness for living How would I go on without the promise to feel again? I'm standing alone While you're vanishing in the sky I breathe no more You leave me behind with no words Moonflower Your beauty shines over my soul But I'll never get to you I have seen her silver petals in the growing nightlight And I hoped that she would fulfill my deepest dream I didn't know that I would exhaust her soul I didn't know that she would fade some days after And all my memories remain deserted by her Surrounded by deepened shades In this place I never belonged A deadly anguish embracing me My wishes lost as I drown in fear And I mourn her loss In this abyss of gloom Waiting for a foreseen light not coming back Like curtains to hide the wounds of the afterlife Feeling its presence as never before Even though I might never come back Someone has told me that I was the one Someone has sworn me I would find the princess I have seen the light within the darkness I followed the star that burnt in my soul Someone has told me that I was the one Someone has sworn me I would awake her Blinded by the absent light Of my beautiful Moonflower  Your bones are shattered into worthless pieces of dust as I beat you senseless this is what happens when you fuck with me! Now you'll see what you have unleashed When you fuck around show some respect or you'll be 6 feet underground Bitch that's where u belong so rot in the ground Now you all will see What I mean when I say There will be a consequence to your actions You've fucked with me For the Last time you die tonight I watch you scream and plead As I strike you down onto your knees Watch as I cut deeper through your neck Karmas a bitch that you fucked for the last time I want to see you bleeding Crimson fluid dancing madly As I sever through your chest Rippin out your heart in detest Your divine deception wont save you from the end I see you rotting down into your Hole! I'll fuckin make you suffer As I take the life right from you SUFFER! This is your fate There's no saying sorry it's too late for that!  HER CORPSE LIES SIX FEET UNDER I am the tormentor I am the tormentor The incisions shall cut deeper Have we gone too far? I walk among the cavalry I am in the devils army Everyone around me seems to want to hold on to their dreams He drags a blade through her chest and cuts out her heart This is the faction of insanity and it’s an art RIP HER FUCKING HEAD OFF They say to grab the bull by the horns and then attack I wish to crush them all as if they were fucking rats I want To hear You scream For mercy Before I put This hammer To your fucking skull And in the end I want to hear your scream Your fucking life will mean nothing Her head is nothing but a fucking trophy on the wall His vision blurred from all the alcohol He drags a blade through her chest and cuts out her heart This is the faction of insanity and it’s an art Impurity until the end will not exist So let the bloodstained vomit cleanse your love A heart of gold will never drain a river of blood She suffers now just like her cross-bared lord Have you ever seen a preacher without his words? Tongue cut out and gagged of blackened blood The sky turns red as the devil marches To gates of heaven to slay… ALL GODS! Lets see god save you now Lets see god save you now The pleasure is all mine to take this life, you worthless swine. Your death unknown it won't be quick, To the back of the head with a fucking brick Broken, beaten, left to die No one will hear your screams as they echo Across the fucking sky I'll tie you to your bed and set your fucking world ablaze All these memories inside burned along with your existence I am the one who lurks in The shadow of your nightmare This is the incentive obituary, Taking over hatred is nothing but insanity, Nightmares instinctive in calamity This is for your entity Drain the blood From your veins Birth new life from your scattered remains Drain Drain Drain the blood from your veins Birth new life from your scattered remains No longer will I hear your wretched voice echoing inside my restless mind You will forever fucking rest In this shallow grave Of treachery You lay and pray to your god Well, that god you speak of IS DEAD In my basement With a bullet in his head Never the sun of tomorrow shall you see Left to rot in a ditch you fucking bitch Stand up tall keep your head up high Fight till the day you fucking die The world is an ugly place full of hatred and Lies Stand up tall keep your head up high Fight till the day you fucking die The world is an ugly place full of hatred and Lies I thinks it's time we saw the Demise to all the ignorance And lies I see Surrounding our lives Too many Hearts broken Too many Lives taken Live to the fullest Never let them bring you down And never let the things that are true to you fall No one is meaningless we all have something to fight for I will never change What I have become I will stand above All the bullshit that we are fed Do you know what it's like to feel alone Face the facts We are the ones who are here to stay Together no one will stand alone You don't know what you've got till its gone... You've reached your end For cheating your life Focus on your life and your lies of your ignorance and bullshit that you live with. You think you can Change my direction I will never change what I've become Stand up tall keep your head up high Fight till the day you fucking die The world is an ugly place full of hatred and Lies Stand up tall keep your head up high Fight till the day you fucking die The world is an ugly place full of hatred and Lies Fuck you The end of your life has begun Because of you This is what I've become Where is the change? What will it take? Until we break Watch your fucking mouth And every single word you say Or you'll be hitting the floor I WILL FUCKING BREAK YOU You've reached your end For cheating your life Focus on your life and your lies of your ignorance and bullshit that you live with. You think you can Change my direction I will never change what I've become To all those who have betrayed me I will exact my revenge And bring your high and mighty world into a sudden fall I can here them scream as they run back to you We don't run from fear when death is natural Fuck you all This is a patronizing fate for all the unborn saints And I have been among the broken too many times before And now I'll walk a cross this lake of broken dreams A nightmare emerges from the depths Until our time Our time of dying The sinking sand Forever sinking Until our lies surround us on our post purity We will not follow you because you're false security False security False security False security Until we die... A blackened burden is as beaten as a broken truth You cannot free the beast For he will cut himself loose As we see that fear, is running from the truth The hatred of the past Is coming back to you I can here them scream As they run back to you We don't run from fear When death is natural I live this life to see you suffer Life cut short by the decimator I live this life to see you suffer Life cut short by the decimator SEVER THE PIECES Until our lies surround us on our post purity We will not follow you because you're false security What's all the trouble What is your state of mind? Are you afraid to leave this fucking world all behind? When will you contemplate The possibility That there is nothing more than your own contortion of your entity I am in control of my own life How are we sure were not just the smoke on the horizon? Slowly passing agonizing Along with the wind to dissolve into the rest of fate Fascinated in conclusion desolation I will fall into the far corners Of torment as I rot and lament Till I'm sick and I'm bent in the arms of suffocation No more will I last and this life will just pass Do I advocate demise? What do you see in your own eyes Why don't we all give up? Existence is your own Between the mystics and the thrown The power leads you to believe That death is the wrong answering Watch as the torment tears and contorts With your sanity Your mind is bent by the Makers of Nihility Our fire burns We'll always fight Our fire burns To live or die Die I will not bow the fuck down Bow the fuck down to me Bow the fuck down Bow the fuck down to me Bow the fuck down  There is a bleeding unlike the rest When you stab the blade into the chest Pulses cease from existence The light fades into nothingness Your life is but punishment Your voice still pleads ignorance Your pulses raging so softly The longing torment ensues my mind The voice in the back of my head says to be kind The shallow water fit for drowning But the lies won't seem to suffocate Cant you see the depths await your fate I hope to rid this earths scum Birthed from the fires The truest form of fear With the wave of his hand he will raise the souls of the damned No one will be left to tell For a darkness inside us dwells Maybe we all deserve to burn in hell We hear the words, they're not spoken clearly These words will swim when the mind sinks I lift a hand to seal these lies That society will try to disguise Sickened as this race procreates With every lie forced down our throats this world has become such a joke I think im going to fucking choke Time for chaos I embody everything that you hate Take these lies and shove them down your throat you fucking disgrace I've had enough of the bullshit And everything that you say It makes no difference to me You'll be dead by morning anyway I cant stand this anymore I'm disgusted by the human fucking race THIS IS WHY WE CANT HAVE NICE THINGS Sickness grows a sense of purpose on the veil of sentiments It sits upon our shoulders while others try to teach elegance Entwined in vicious unrelenting guilt and impatience The faces of the weak are crumbling from the weight of pestilence Hidden from the eyes set to wilt I never cried murder on a cold day But the lies and hypocrisy can make a man a martyr By taking but his heart away in reckoning and sickening The ties of the lies they will die so grim But first things first we will cut out the eyes of sin The souls of the weak held are within Tonight they burn Then I will live and you will learn Then I will take what lies within That's blood for blood This is blood for blood you cunt I will make you fucking bleed Get the fuck down on your knees Slit your own throat for me please Slit your own throat for me please? Please? Watch The World Slip Away As the line is crossed between reality and dreams We drift into the obscene I enter my exodus My visions begins to dance and things that once were ordinary at a glance Become something entirely more Colors explode from the deepest reaches of my mind And begin to tell me of a different time where these voices I hear inside my head Begin to whisper so silently and proceed to tell me of all this beauty That has always stood in front of me and like a movie these scenes play out Unable to tell what's real I shout GET OUT OF MY HEAD Get out of my head! Senses of ecstasy begin to drastically evolve into a nightmarish dream in which I can't escape from Frozen in horror as I watch the floor Open to the darkest depths of my sub-conscience Voices begin to shout and fill my head full of doubt That everything I knew, that once was true Is not my reality? I dwell in a bending body but my mind is surfacing onto a whole new tide I'll flow with the sin that I'm cleansed with Till the break of dawn that I thought would never come at all Now the walls are closing in Im losing grip I envisioned so much more than this My existence seems trapped until the END The chaos ensues in my mind I don't not believe in the end My eyes are closing Why do I see the reasoning between the lines I slip Why do I feel so scared? Like I do not belong Maybe that's the way it is and how it's meant to be Stuck forever on the bridge between THE BRIDGE BETWEEN Voices begin to shout and fill my head full of doubt That everything I knew, that once was true Is not my reality? I dwell in a bending body but my mind is surfacing onto a whole new tide I'll flow with the sin that I'm cleansed with Till the break of dawn that I thought would never come at all The dawn won't ever come I've crossed the bridge, there's no turning back I've crossed the bridge, there's no turning back  I’m awakened Never bound by what I am I wouldn’t want to be Whatever “he” has planned for me “Thou have seen no god before me” You have met your match From your womb purest evil is hatched With your lies, you disguise All the things that I despise You will rot alone in the dirty ground Alone, alone an afterlife will not be found This isn't hatred this can only be fate To say the least, your shit is fading away with heresy It isn't wrong to believe but it's just such a disgrace That the narrow fucking minds are the ones running this race Trust me when I say I know true evil comes in many forms I will never be whatever you want to see me be I want to watch you plead on your knees fucking begging me Their blind eyes see not of the horrors to come Wasted breath on deaf ears Children of earth, all guilty of sin Cleanse them of the ignorance that lies within Desecrate Its time to realize we are all Godless Godless GODLESS Obliterate They are a dying breed Hopeless Fucking HOPELESS I hope you see the reddest eyes draw from the blackest hell Abysmal wakening, as the darkness fell The figure stands before as tears of fear fall from your eyes The devil calls for your hand And he'll show you where the truth lies Underneath innocent feet, I dwell in lucid conjuring Holding dear the broken souls The lost the damned the wondering Did your preacher tell you, how unconditional God's love is? Is it eternal? It is a weakness Consumed by a culture, leaving you blind I see no gods, but only meager minds Fuck your faith I’m awakened, never bound by what I am I wouldn’t want to be whatever you have planned for me Splinters and fractured bones  Lest we left to rot, broken, beaten, with no hope Drowning in a sea of sick, coughing up my lungs Crippling loneliness Is this what we’ve become? Strings of my heart, now crafted and bound Bled forth my soul and displayed in sound Frozen core, crawling skin, plunging blades deep within I feel fate sinking in, sanity, paper thin Skin and bones, faint lips kiss Bathing in the blood from our wrists  Decomposing from within, the pain is sinking in Full of tarnished aspirations of what could have been As I’m rotting to the core, I beg for fucking more My heart craves for it like a fucking whore Bury me deep Execution, infatuation is long gone Cover the steps; have we sought to end it all? For miles I have searched yet I see no haven NO HAVEN You rid me of the air in my lungs when I need to… Breathe Suffocating, under the weight you bear No mercy has been shown Making me want to break Every last fucking bone, inside the body Free me from this rage You buried me deep To my dearest lover, I may never return home There is a demon plaguing our lands and I must protect our home  Sickness is upon these lands, these mangled bodies in our hands Behold a day of woe and sorrow Together we await the storm A demonic colossus, has death himself come to claim us Our world has fallen to fade The sickened disease of this human race has come and gone I miss my friends and family I feel so alone The darkest days approach me, how long can I hold? My will is fading but my chaos will unfold! As I walk I can feel the pain I go on, will I die in vain? Is this the end of me? Frozen in still figure, I stood in the gaze of The beast that the legend has foretold of, this famine His sickness consumes me His eyes see right through me Consuming my courage my fury unleashed   Its revolting appearance pales only in comparison To its despicable cruelty done unto the innocent Battered and broken as I lay so weak Slaughtered in bloodbath, my will achieved  Smothered in victory, my odyssey My heart turns black, as I become the beast Purpose has spilt from me I cannot live this life of disease The abyss gaping beneath I plummet away from suffering Unequivocal to everything that we can be While slowly going under in an evolutionary plunder And told are the tales of the incarnations Illusive arbiters from the void beyond The answers we seek are written on the walls Hieroglyphics cover the most ancient of halls They came to earth to bring our birth They molded our minds to excel our creation The gods have come and gone But have you ever wondered if they left us to burn? We have a view of heaven from a seat in hell We have spent an eternity trying to get back from where we fell The guidance of heaven has been present in our past Our zenith lays close but just out of grasp Accepting of a life far beyond our own is a step forward to shatter the throne Building their structures intentionally grim A luster in the lights The cultivation will commence with flood arisen again For total destruction Oh how I wish to feel weightless amongst the depths of space To ascend to the heavens, not to fall  from our grace Shrouded in this world of disgrace Impossible structures built in their names They are the ancients of ancients and we bask in their fame They are creators of life we only bring them shame ENGULF US IN FLAME They embrace the finite figure locked inside the flesh But they'll never know the truth of a sickness that’s in need of divine cleansing And I for one am thirsty for awakening But the river ran dry and I'm aching waiting for the rains to pour Again and again so the flood can drown All the hate and the hurt, until the sun goes down The abominations filled with desolation Stepping on faces of The frail and broken masses as if we can Redefine who we are There’s no hope Humanity is losing hold All I see scrounging in the dirt, the cold and lonely hearts Will cease from breathing from the decimating will of god Descending on our salvation, god now walks the earth These are not the revelations, greater consciousness has birthed I know you don’t want to, but you have to watch as our world burns The manifestation of creation, collapsing under force Sought to ensue the bloodlust of your false integrity Your masses, Sheppard fences will not save you from me I lick my lips with the taste of vengeance tainted by your Ignorance The blindness of the common man A product of the holy land We don’t need live your lies We’ll seize you when you're sleeping, bite the neck to stop the breathing Feel the fear suffocating, drowning from the blood you’re bleeding Corpses of your mangled kin, punished by my fangs My will shall bring your reckoning, punished by my power Your hate means nothing to me Your words won’t make me weak Closed eyes, closed minds All your weakened minds Feeding off these fucking lies I took a toll for all the torment that you put me through Now you’ll pray to me As the storm approaches I will show no mercy As I welcome you into the woods at night Jealousy struck upon a suffering colony Will only be uplifted together    For we have witnessed Weakness, distraught lies That’s all you ever preach Sickness, falter, pain Faceless and insecure All you’ll ever find Is cowards always die So try to run and hide NO ONE GETS OUT ALIVE Follow the leader and become the fool Your weakened minds all drown in the red pool Wasted science Wasted life I’m drenched in disappointment time after time Be weary where you walk for us wolves will be sure behind We despise why you are alive We long to feast on your flesh No one gets out alive No one gets out alive NO ONE GETS OUT ALIVE And when I walk among them They hate me for what I am How can one judge a wolf? When they are just a lamb And as the storm approaches and the walls are crashing down I will let you run and hide, so try not to be found We know your hiding with your lies they will not help you to survive So try to run and hide, no one gets out alive Be weary where you walk for us wolves will be sure behind We despise why you are alive We long to feast on your flesh No one gets out alive No one gets out alive Why do you squirm? Why do you squeal? How do you think all the lives that you burdened feel? Let’s see what it looks like first hand When I'm peeling back your skin just because I fucking can Do you feel the sting? Just like all the rest That you put in this placement that you too detest I'm sorry; I'm not good at this I think its time to bury you with all the rest Twisted in torment and sick from abuse I envision your death as you hang from the noose Bleeding and choking and screaming for air No one will answer your screams of despair You pray for forgiveness yet this is the end You’ve dug your own grave six feet deep you’re sent PRAY FOR YOUR LIFE Breathe it down You’re sickness, like a fucking plague You’ve never looked so weak Begging, pleading on your knees “Kill me” But there’s so much more blood to bleed Trust me, it gets fucking worse I am here to be The darkest motherfucker in history I am here to be The darkest motherfucker in history In darkness I am found In death I am bound A home for my madness A shrine to decay And a shallow grave for the bodies to lay Only death can cure this starvation “Can you forgive me?” You make me want to break your fucking bones To hear the snap and the crack I feel so at home No remorse for the wicked, I won’t forgive You’re such a  piece of shit  I'll beat ya till your nothing but a leaking blood bag Full of broken bones, yeah you know that's a fuckin’ drag And now you're gunna get it just like you said to them I won't let you go cuz it's initiated I have this dream where I’m in a field Flowers and sunlight, a place so surreal And I can see you standing just out of reach And as I meet your embrace you always sink beneath Molded conclusions, forged in our illusions But when the mind’s still, there is no burden The hour of my blood runs stale, I let go Existence opens up its jaws, swallow me whole At one with peace as I drift ever listlessly In my dreams I can live for eternity Can this be my illusion of denial? I am forever dreaming As I wilt with the wind my reflection is dying within Longing to rid my body of decay, my blood runs cold This grip around my neck tightens its hold Dive into the gallows of perpetual blackness Of all the love Photos and memories, moments of ecstasy, losing my sanity Now I refrain to the blackest oblivion As I wither away, reality is haunting me This body yearns to be free Tilting on the verge of sanity my mind is but calamity This world will be the death of me I long to sleep The clock is ticking I’m losing hope I’m at the end of my fucking rope I’m too tired now with every breath I choke Into oblivion I will now float Dances of this lucid dream are taunting me Let the river take hold of me My vision is all but dark as the melody warms my heart And as my final breathe now leaves my chest All I feel is weightlessness And as the icy grip of death warms my soul Colours and memories begin to flow To dream forever is a dream in itself Its fucking beautiful come see for yourself All I know is you’re by my side and now I can breathe For in a field of flowers I found blissful peace When the flames fade only dark will remain Somber cascade of decay Abysmal blackness, Cimmerian shade Of seemingly perpetual despondency Forever black We must learn to burn in solace There is beauty in the pain we bear Vomit the darkest part of your soul and let that darkness take you whole Hold it, and never let it go and you‘ll be stronger than you know We don’t need sight For eyes are blind I know your eyes will see tomorrow if you embrace the black Embrace your burdens Feign eyes paint illusions false but also in truth Nightmarish visions plagues the mind, withering are the youth I found in the darkness a lonely place I took from my heart to the physical plain And may the day be friendly to you You cannot image what darkness can do Here lies your fate; it’s not too late Pain Separating the illusion of what we define as hell And there is only hell here to see Through all of the glory we find in the hurt We see through misery Memorized by glowing eyes Reflecting in the eerie night Motionless I stand before thee Filling your heart with fear And as the skies were filled with fire I let the dark take hold And what I found is the weight had been lifted As I let my darkness go FOR WHAT IS LIFE WITHOUT BALANCE AND WHAT IS DARK WITHOUT LIGHT? THOUGH I MAY LOVE BEING ONE WITH DARKNESS WE COULD ALL USE A LITTLE LIGHT This is illumination Incineration of the contamination The Silhouette of what used to be As the pressures building all the victims to the vicious binds are nothing The silhouette of what used to be Cease the bleeding You're a fucking coward No pity for the weak Sever the ties You suck the life out of me My eyes are dry tonight When I put you in your place, it almost doesn't feel right Then I remember all the shit that you put me through It almost feels like a burden just to fucking know you I can feel my body weakening beneath the weight Because you take all I have inside and you leave me insane I can feel the hollowing continuing inside I'd like to tell myself that this is all a waste of time But I know I'll learn, I'll grow As I'm sifting through the pieces of the rubble I have always known forgiveness I have always had a heart But you pushed me into dark Now watch it all fall apart Sometimes I feel like I can't fucking breath You hold me down for your own bettering I feel your fangs sinking deep Leeching off of what I reap Pain you cause me Emotions they taunt me Carving me of everything If I was your fucking puppet I'd choke you with the strings How far will you bend me before I fucking break? I'm engulfed Engulfed by the flames My tired eyes are weak and in pain Resolutions follow through as your walls of hate fall on you Crippled and writhing bathe in your shame You live so carelessly taking no blame The sentiments we made will fade I won't miss the memory so just fade away Oh, may you forget me This never-ending cycle A vicious spiral, eating me alive It's all about give and take But I have given all that I am I don't owe you fucking shit Every time you take from me, do you feel justified? Every time you belittle me, do you feel satisfied? Every time you close your mind everyone's an enemy Every time we say goodbye you're always crawling back to me Pain you cause me Emotions they taunt me Carving me of everything If I was your fucking puppet I'd choke you with the strings How far will you bend me before I fucking break? I'm engulfed Engulfed in the flames May my afflictions bring me shame For all the karma I bestow You now can drown in the undertow In which you forged upon yourself And now I yearn to be without Parasitic company I wish to live in harmony   And no on Said it's fair But nor were You to me  Her cryptic whispers whistle through the winds Creaking branches, tangled roots, entwined in ancient sin The twisting timbers beckon me within I can't control the overwhelming urge Something that lurks inside my skin Her presence haunts my steps I feel her every breath I hear her whispers creep inside and down my spine Our fates entwined, in my restless soul I find The urge to purge this worthless life of mine The mistress stares, her skin stretched tight and white I'm lost within her sight on this starlight autumn night Pervasive intentions, love fails to lust Satanic séances The succubus has struck I can see her dead eyes as they are looking right through mine Hollowing me out from the inside I cannot resist the call, into her arms I wish to fall My body feels foreign as her presence looms and conquers all Hold your arms around me and bleed me fucking dry Conjure this animosity in me Dragging me into apathy Besiege, she's taking control Feels like I'm losing it all, her hands round my throat Underneath her scarlet cloak, sinful pleasures she invokes To reap me of my soul and seed in sin we spawn sick blasphemy The floor then opens up wide, emerging from the ground Sharp claws and wretched sounds Twisted horns arise Her lovely skin begins to peel and rot Vile visions lay before my eyes Unearthly horrors swirl, bestowed unto this world I can hear them laugh at me I fell for trickery and now the beast is free to plague humanity Ten thousand hands pull me to the deep, six faces in the flames their whispers make me weep The sons of Satan stare into my eyes, the moon is dead, rains runs red Tonight the end is nigh Eat the children, bury the breathing, rise unholy serpents of deceiving Eat the children, bury the breathing, rise unholy serpents Eat the children, bury the breathing, rise unholy serpents of deceiving Let me go I helplessly witness in misery, horrors I have unleashed The flames surrounding me and now I burn in regret To the woods we never go, for evil there it grows The witch is waiting She whispers towards you, baiting To lure unlucky ones into her grasp of thorns I'm seeing clear, straight through our lies Your ignorance has left you blind I hate the way you run and hide I'll show you how a coward dies Enter the void, destroyed, devoid, paranoid From reaping us, to eating us, leaving us screaming It's enough It's a problem, you've been spewing about ignorant bigotry Disconnection, sever the heads of the serpents and the carcass shall dissolve Thinning of the heard, through greed and the resonance of archaic malevolence You bastardize the worth of life and judge only in ignorance, but I have heard of enough of it You sit upon a throne that in which is built of rot I'll watch as you crawl through your servitude This world is weeping It fucking sickens me, to see man's true nature Power driven weaponry Alive with no feeling, in constant shallow breathing No remorse today Fuck the population I want to slit your throat, stomp on in that fucking grin Feel the sockets of your eyes Underneath my finger tips Every single second of every single day Your waves of pain and misery are devastating the masses in every way Smothered in smoke this world fades to grey Grieving the tears of agony and all of the breathing cease in this haze You rape, torture, murder and destroy like you are numb To death I send Wash thee, cleanse thee of all of this filth Forgive me for I know no better way How can we live with ourselves? Disgusting I observe the wretches of the earth Exploit, ignore, betray As they waste away into decay Witness the end to all we have and oh, we're all to blame Yet when the dust settles and the sun can shine Desolation is all that we left behind Fuck the population We all deserve to die Kill every single human being Erase the human race Parasitic vermin, cast them to the shadows As we send them to the slaughter Waste them all like cattle Is it too late to turn away? Will our race remain or will we fade away? I am the curse of earth And so are you, amassed unspoken lies Burying what's true We are the curse of earth A nature to consume, razing over the lands To seek a purpose through Witness the end to all we have and oh, we're all to blame Yet when the dust settles and the sun can shine Nothing deserves to breathe in life We can't remain this way So may this be our fate Here it goes again Awakening in a state where I'm already feeling spent and unable to recuperate Torn from nirvana I just want to close my eyes and dream away this stress and pain I can't hold back the tide I know that if I just let go The sea of immensity will mercilessly swallow me whole I never asked for this life Born into ruin, grasping onto light Day after day Beaten, I chip away Toiling through vexations Wave after wave I feel like a slave Doomed to this constant decay The past piling high Forgotten dreams I left to die Fed such lies we swallow them whole Vain, bitter and vile Crippling my will and leaving me senseless Why am I aware of this? Stuck in a cycle ever so torturous Wake up It's your life and only you control it We must free ourselves alone from our own torments Sick of the patterns I have forged with my own intent and I figure This is all I'm ever going to be, relentlessly Recycling forward unto naught, all progression returns to rot Unable to resist the urge to slip A failed captain goes down with his ship To drown in unending days Hopelessly as you pray You drown in your petty ways, witness us wither away Wither away with us Day after day Beaten, I chip away Day after day Breaking my back as I dig my shallow grave I slowly rot away Day after day Forgetting to breathe Day after day Searching through sorrow To find a way for this strain to leave me Day after day Beaten, I chip away Toiling through vexations Wave after wave I'm feeling like a slave Doomed to this constant decay Day by day, I slave away in mediocrity Day by day, cultivating my anxiety Day by day, I waste away into obscurity Underneath the pressure of the fear that takes control of me This weight I bear breaks my legs, shatters my spine Empty inside Cycles of sickness seem to be my only form of existence  This sickness never ends Constantly begging for air I suffocate under the weight I crave escape Aching lungs exposed my body festers full of toxins Filth is all I know Drained 'til I'm bitter spent and strained These magnifications of pain Have cost me more than my dreams These aspirations decayed Leaving me insane I can no longer retain I can't take this anymore Agony's always upon us Idle I deteriorate Snapping spines, cracking sternums This pressure crushing me Let the weight break me down if this is what I'm meant to be Pushing limitations of pain Through the psychical agony The signs behind I've never seen Where'd it go so fucking wrong? Reeking of cortisol I long for rest Begging to be washed clean Rid me of stress What has become of me? I long for rest Traumas so far from fading I can't fight this stress Damn this habitual disconnection I long for rest Taxing more than my soul and complexion I can't fight this Unending days enshrouded in torment I long for rest Heartstrings detuned and weary I cannot fight this I, in loneliness will wither away if I let the over bearing weight of the world consume me The future is as bright, as the city lights An empire of naught built upon a crown of rot Your masks cannot hide the strength in which you left to die Wasting precious time burnt alive Next thing you know you've pissed away your precious life The days of judgement draw near They will not pardon you When your thirsty and cold will you know what to do? Insurrection ensues and all you cry for is help You've failed to see the signs it's time to pay for pain that's dealt All we do is consume, expel and rot away We live our lives so blind, looming hell impending What do you stand for? Who does it benefit? Why endorse all the horrors of the innocent? Where are your calluses? Where is your composure? Choosing to filter love and overload with fear Who are we to blame for all the ways leading us into an age of ruin? Our forefathers blame theirs Passed the veils, the meager ways will fail Fail us all Let our will determine who shall thrive or die I'm sickened by the cycle of the world surrounding me Slipping through the holes of my own insanity We, the purveyors of our own calamity Take a step back, is this what you want to be? How far do we go and at what cost? Fleeting fame feeding egos so lost We're trapped inside a cage but the door is unlocked It's thrive or die but at what cost? How long can we sustain these crimson ways? How far can we go before collapsing? Just listen to the world and all her agony Your lack of contribution utterly disgusts me You'll probably say I'm wrong You soon shall surely see An age of regress is written in prophecy Who are we to blame for all the ways leading us into an age of ruin? Our forefathers blame theirs Passed the veils, the meager ways will fail Fail us all Let our will determine who shall thrive or die In death I am free One with the reaper, you and I forever now Burn away in darkened fury Break free from chains that bind us Burn in darkened fury Break free from chains that bind us Burn alive in darkened fury Embrace the endless misery If we're going to burn Show me pain for what its worth Feel my rage until your grave As I'm burning now The only truth that I have found, is I am nothing but the ashes left behind We'll devour Lend us your agony Leave behind the pressures and pain to which you're holding on Release of pain the break of chains Inner hatred best let free In death I am free In death I am free Look into the eyes of a man infatuated with a plan To inflict torment, misery and agony from now until eternity I watch you plead on your knees begging me, it wont stop me Inflicting pain, it sets me free Lacerate, breaking bones, skinning flesh Pain and bliss, now entwined in coalesce You will lay on the ground begging and pleading, "PLEASE STOP" But don't you see suffering, it sets me free I'm so sorry but I've gone too far to let you be Hands wrapped tightly around the neck Choking Mouth of blood spills down your throat Gagging Breaking through the limitations of pain forever Writhing Pain is all that ever made sense to me It goes on and on and on for all the eye can see Endless misery becomes reality Humans crave pain Skinned alive, I promise to keep you breathing I'll leave you awake, conscious with all feeling ENDLESS TORTURE There's no healing only weeping from the lashing and the peeling Breaking bones that puncture flesh I want to see you beg for death Pray for release Suffer Miles from peace Forever Suffer forever This addiction to overwhelming hatred inflicting pain and ever lasting Bloodshed Please excuse my lack of sanity Sadistically fulfilled bathing me in ecstasy I hold dear my wicked fantasies, revolting, vile, vicious, hostile tendencies And endless suffering awaits Pale light divine In crimson skies the stars align Fair love of mine, her lips I long to kiss tonight To the gathering by invitation turned to fire my heart’s desire Drenched in trepidations ankles weighed I slowly drown Down to the depths where the sun can never shine At the door, rose in hand To the depths, I descend with dread One deep breathe and I enter Crowded halls full of wealth and splendour There she stands in the center my rivals all around her Locking eyes I caught her gaze Heart sinks she turns away Closing in my adversaries surround me Beaten and bound My innocence is left unfound Primed to scorch amidst the ever crimson flames My love has turned for now I shall burn eternally Inversions grim this eve hollow thy being. Hell conceived Empower thee in incantations of lord Satan I am reborn I return I feel the devil coursing inside me Unholy virtues flowing through my veins Now I can’t feel an ounce of pain revealing Endless possibilities within me Hands of darkened might to cast of lightening All around me skulls imploding Innocence torn away gone All control, lost from here on There she stand frozen in fear as we embrace I vaporize my dear Now I walk forever in shame destined to kill full of rage Cloaked in degradation I hide my face Inversions grim this eve hollow thy being Hell conceived Empower thee in incantations of lord Satan I am reborn Light fades and I find myself with thoughts stained of desires unmet Immersed in gloom I long for you I long for you Frigid feelings fester for what seems like forever I long to escape Get me out I find myself stirring in state of melancholy Pulling me down by the weight of atrocities Leave me be with my hands of destruction The wake of understanding breaks upon the shores of calamity and slowly erodes for us all to see The cost of affliction Self inflicted constrictions I am bound by these restrictions Freeze internally Deep in misery Pain devours me Sleep eternally Clawing away Solitude consumes me Vacant of light Show me sun Radiant I shall become Radiant Show me sun Days in a simmering pain I spend Trying to decipher what's real and pretend In circles of shame, alone I waste my days Yearning the time spent in the arms of another Counting the days since we've last seen each other I can't erase the past I wish that love would last and now I know it's too late to say sorry Drop In the moments that are fading I am feeling numb In the moments that are fading I am feeling numb We're all creaming internally Eyes see right through my being Love will you please show me? Pressing onward to the setting sun My heart weeps to find someone Lonely nights hold me tenderly Left cold to wilt Show me sun Forward we stride with fear in our eyes Into the jaws of death Vanquishing brothers and fathers and sons of our conquerors Mortars and fire ignite like sunlight The sands stained of such blood Lead hails from above Trenches reeking of agony Unfathomable pain surrounds me Explosions of red Trapped in my head Brethren dead Endless carnage ahead Mangled corpses broken flesh Lead as rain from heaven sent Breach lines forward Razor wire torn This place is so godless Stories will tell how we fought this Willingly cast into the jaws of death Broken men battle through annihilation We answer with our guns razing through damnation Aim down your sights to bring our salvation Reigning our fire Mortars descend upon formidable foes TAKE COVER Pinning us down below our enemies Reigning their fire Heavy artillery blasting the beaches below INCOMING Shrouded in hell as you're praying for peace SHOW THEM NO FEAR We have come to put an end to this genocide Surrounded, there's nowhere left for you to fucking run Who's going to save you now motherfuckers? Hoc Est Bellum Teeth break on every bash No face just pulp and mash I decimate, weeping wounds and dripping blood Clenching onto everything I've ever loved Ad Victorium We march on forever Forward into the next abyss A hell unfolding Into the jaws of death March forever onward, into the next abyss Willingly cast into the jaws of death Broken men battle through annihilation We answer with our guns razing through damnation Aim down your sights to bring our salvation I can't help but tell myself that I wish I found out earlier Never could I have imagined how this could have happened to me… to us… to you… I keep sifting through questions vacant of answers Only to feel the sands of hope slipping through powerless fingers Dreams of grandeur lay in ruin, and everything that once was, will never be again. How am I to pick up the pieces? I've grown distant I've become hollow Not a moment passes that I don't beg to take your place I just can't hold myself together anymore When alone I look in the mirror and I can't even force a smile let alone breathe with ease How can I have the capacity to be when my heart's in constant atrophy? Heartache is a lot more than it seems and why do I carry on? Well, I know it's what you would have wanted but it's hard to breathe when you're gone I swear I'll make you proud I'll hold on I'll miss our conversations and I'm sorry we couldn't grow old together We will meet again even if it takes forever I won't go cold nor will I slowly wither This isn't fair, but I see the sun Coming to terms with our final farewell All has unwillingly come undone Dreaming away Floating free Visions of amber spilling grief We'll dream again I won't forget I'll heal and mend I'll find content Sunsets of golden rose Spirits dance beyond the cold You reside in the meadow of my memories in gleaming light Eternal glow Ethereal Gone with the tides Without the grace in which you gave I would have drowned, I would have caved Although you're gone, you're always here I'll find my way and meet you there. Thank you Things are better now I'm holding on I have so much to tell you when we meet again. I know you'd be proud of me (I want you to know) I think about you all the time I miss you Go Conquer this world is mine I'll be pushing every step of the way and I'll see it through that I'm endlessly Fighting my way through failure and flame Living for more than myself I shall never let my will be tamed Stand firm and rise to your calling Stray far from weakness Hold your ground Lean into it Dig in your heels Bare your teeth THIS NOOSE WON'T HANG ME BREAK FREE TAKE HOLD We lack the motivation to pursue the dreams in which we're sold I won't let my world go cold Racing my heart and mind to seek the vibration that thrives in my divine being Fleeting, shining through in perishing light I loathe this malaise I can't live out my days knowing my spine is misaligned or a frame too frail to endure against the weight of time Push forever onward No excuses Onward through the storm to zenith No excuses Racing my heart and mind to seek the vibration that thrives in my divine being Fleeting, shining through in perishing light Rarely I ask Never I beg Often I collapse Always I rise again It's always one step forward then it's two steps back In my head, all I think about is death My suffering eternal, wounds infernal Misery keeps calling me, inflicting me, deeper and deeper Deeper and deeper, ecstatically eager I'm burning my body to set forth the reaper Suffocate in the black, a sanctitude of sick for me and you Crippling to the will of hatred No salvation to run to We all suffer in a cycle built and bound to claim us all Scraping through the agony we suffer so religiously SAVE ME Devour me alive or just gut me with a knife Nothing I can do will ever rid you of my life Every breath is agony, and all I know is THERE'S NO WAY OUT It writhes its way in Left to rot alone again Shackled by the chains of my own disdain Misery my company, endless agony consumed by the wounds which inflict me Of all the wounds that cover me none of them more burdening Than the hole in which the pain inside resides eternally Crawling in my skin Immeasurable torture Hollow heart Sunken and aching empty soul Devoid of hope My body is not whole Death stands in front of me Ridding me of all I see No more pain and misery The reapers gift has set me free Full of sin I'm pulling back my skin Tearing out my organs and exposing all the hate I've kept within Creeping, bleeding, seething, weeping Bury me alive, in a coffin full of knives Suffocating sickened cycles left me seeking out the scythe I yearn to feel peace once again I'd rather die than live like this Where did I go wrong? One last time and I swear that I'll be rid off this One last time and I swear that I'll be rid off this One last time and I swear that I'll be rid off this One last fucking time I swear that I'll be rid of this Poison, dissolving in madness I'm becoming my own worst enemy Aching, I scrape my fingers to the bone and I know I'm slipping off the fucking slope I follow the rabbit down the hole Chewed up and swallowed I am no longer whole The fear you'll feel are the demons you buried inside A state of mind where you haven't the choice to hide Face to face with the darkness you will earn your place Define your will or you will define disgrace I loved myself before I slipped And now I live with regret Fog of the abyss I'm much better than this Chaos reigns I follow the rabbit down the hole Chewed up and swallowed I am no longer whole The fear you'll feel are the demons you buried inside A state of mind where you haven't the choice to hide Face to face with the darkness you will earn your place Define your will or you will define disgrace So lost, I cannot find my way No turning back, I've dug my own grave I had it all… I watched it burn, burn away This path I've paved is stained of hur Plunging from zenith Spiraling ever so downward Oh, why do I hold on to this dismal feeling? Descending ever so downward I feel lost Reaching out through the dark Hoping for answers gone Every moment in ash The wick has burnt away There were moments burning bright that I hold on to tightly Now I stay awake and gnaw my wounds more than nightly And I can't see what's illuminated right in front of me With every shaky breath I lay awake in melancholy I lay in my dismay Another love now lost so pathetically Lacking the will to push Too weak to strive, to reach out for the light I've traced my tracks through the sands To find out where it all began, and if I could relive those times I would have burned brightly Resonating In a state of disillusion I'm constantly reaching for validation and evaluation to create a conclusion Desperation This never ending desire to know where I'm standing and I'm not forgetting the moments that I have been feeling cast down to this abyss to be dismissed of all my bliss and I, to my core know that I can be more than this and I try to keep my soul so alive, but I dive ever so downward Stifling the call of my heart These shadows are draining me of my spark Choices I've made now tear me apart This mountain of mistakes I've made from the start has ever diminished my senses and spirit I sew my eyes shut, for the dark I revere it Bathed in failure I'm so full of missing pieces As I lay in my dismay I now have found, I've lost my way No conviction behind my every word No restriction to habits I've deemed so absurd I can't feel I don't know what is real anymore, and to my dying core I'm lost inside an eternal war  Black streams of angelblood I see in my dreams I stand before the black gates, earth trembles as they open Drowned in darkness I am, horned shadows before me "Take my hand and ascend to divinity, leave the world of flesh" Beyond the sight of mortal eyes Sea of endless mists Visions beyond gods Above the stars of god I see Thy sigils I wear in your name forever Accept my offering, enter in my soul I relinquish my life in the name of the horned lord In Baphomet's shadows I found the dark salvation My path is now sealed, forever I pray to thy eternal glory We pray to horned, our lord The immortal king of our world Sworn to lightbearer, our true god Embrace him and thy eternal life Hail Satan - The serpent of old, guide me through the cleansing fire Hail Satan - Son of perdition, under the red moon your reign is eternal From the unfathomable darkness spawn of black flame ascends Faceless demon, unbound evil The Devil's champion Lucifer awakens His gates are open Come forth, the faithful Drink from his veins Their hearts torn open Our prayers are spoken Snow-white corpses hanging from stakes Yours is the kingdom, the power, the glory Your essence flows through us on this night of triumph Satan spawn - Seraph impaler The left hand of darkness One with our lord High rise the flames in their temples Burnt feathers lay on this blackening earth Claws of Asmodai tear into their flesh and we hail his name at this dawn of new age Soul of Christ, your are unholy Body of Christ, your are no salvation Blood of Christ, I spit in your wine Ave Sathanas - I embrace thy horns From the maelstrom of darkness... Arise the avatar of satanic might Cloaked in shadow of devil's fire, veiled in blackened winds Ascent from the bottomless pits, marked by the Devil Disciple of torment, darkness and damnation, wielder of demonic flame Above the graves of impaled angels, howling to rising black moon Wraith of eternal anguish, of immortal infernal wrath Lifeless empyrean creations, fallen from divine realms Behold the celestial funeral, in exaltation of satanic blood Crucifixion of angels with burning blades, rapture of heaven's distress Worms of Jehova, swines of Allah, all will fall in our fathers name We are the heirs of this world, the world of wolves, not sheep The wailing winds silence the cries of angelic voices forever I wander... through silent freezing night Celestial burial ground of endless frozen angels The gardens of crystal darkness hidden in snow-veiled heights In lightless eternal dominion of azure plains so cold I wander... among long dead divine souls Within the astral realms The silent gardens of the reaper Another luciferian triumph dawns on road to Golgotha King of blind sheep carrying his sign, the price for praying to wrong god Your only son as an animal sacrifice, to feed your own vanity Payment for sins non-existant, worthless death in your name Nails of evil sink deep in heavenly flesh As sanguine tears flow from beneath his crown Nails of evil sink deep in heavenly flesh As the betrayed shepherd rots away on his cross Crucified false messiah finally breathes his last epitaph of worthless lies, hammered on his corpse With empty thrones on his side, El Shaddai smiles It's too late for his dying son to finally see the truth Paimen sisältä kuollut laumaansa johtaa vihan kielellä rukoilee Rakkaudesta saarnaten Hopeakourallisen avoinen kieli kaksihaarainen Silmät puhkoo lapsiltaan Kuten isä häntä opettaa Valolle sarvet hän antaa Polvilleen muita käskien Miksi loit meistä syntisen jos sen palkkana on kuolema? Sokeiden valtakunta veressä uitettu vielä seisoo ristinsä varjossa Valta taivaan sisältä kuolee Edessä Valonkantajan Kun käärme vanha sisällä herää uinuvain karitsain valtaistuin Jahven palaa mustan liekin varjossa Herramme maljan me nostamme kädellä vasemmalla Liiton veri meissä virtaa nyt ja ikuisesti Ave Satanas Rege Satanas  My trigger finger loves to hate me Takes to the knife for a vivisection X kilograms of flesh to shave off Taste like a replicant injection Soul rot In stock Buy now It's hot Runt of The batch All itch no scratch Fuck fashion Fuck (fuck) the fashion Suck my addiction 'cause you got to Fuck fashion Fuck (fuck) the fashion Spit out victims, fashion fuck you Bitch poured into a velvet corset Feeling the pinch of a cunt eat cunt world Pig auctioned to the highest loser Cling wrapped in latex suck it in sow Soul rot In stock Buy now It's hot Genome Throw back All itch no scratch Fuck fashion Fuck (fuck) the fashion Suck my addiction 'cause you got to Fuck fashion Fuck (fuck) the fashion Spit out victims, fashion fuck you Shut up, assimilate Redundant, shelf life Dead mass of putrefaction Spoon fed somaclones Bleeding square eyes Cradle to the grave on corporate venom Soul rot In stock Buy now It's hot Runt of The batch All itch no scratch Fuck fashion Fuck (fuck) the fashion Suck my addiction 'cause you got to Fuck fashion Fuck (fuck) the fashion Spit out victims, fashion fuck you Ripe for the slaughter hiding in the naive Meat racked on crucifix for the slaves Drunk on the blood from a random Christ House of the Skulls and the Church of Ice Pious vermin Incarceration Spineless minions Flesh for the lions Head Kult Pigs revolt Can't stop them groveling, let them rot Mind of a martyr, body of a child Insane hallucinate suicide Delusional salvation a pathetic farce A higher seat in heaven closer to God's arse Mindless, hunger Abide in rancor The sheep confide Heathen pesticide Nail one more angel head to your door Pin another demon's arm to the wall Death and knowledge versus bliss and bland Which part of fuck off don't you understand? Pious vermin Incarceration Spineless minions Flesh for the lions Mindless, hunger Abide in rancor The sheep confide Heathen pesticide Teeth nailing Their own tongues Anger rising up in torn lungs Rack, shackled In torture Severed veins reach up in rapture Crawl into Nightfall Foetuses in Plastic walls Black tempest The snake Madly scraping Back the fake Rip skin Bind fist Infect the mother Flick the switch Grind skull God’s shit Infect the mother Flick the switch Slash, pretty When she dreams Stalking breath as leather screaming Hail Mary Horror beads Eyes that cut through shadows seething Choke frantic Constrain Manically scratch off the stain Virgin daughters In line Marching off to matricide Rip skin Bind fist Infect the mother Flick the switch Grind skull God’s shit Infect the mother Flick the switch Choke frantic Constrain Manically scratch off the stain Virgin daughters In line Marching off to matricide Rip skin Bind fist Infect the mother Flick the switch Grind skull God’s shit Infect the mother Flick the switch Black office, dead paper Sacrificial sky scraper Gestate incubate dig your own grave Grinding groveling you won't be saved No surname Serial number Bred to succeed and plunder Cult of the worker bee deceived Brainwash Karoshi breed Eat it maggot Head devil, slave temple Stuck inside the hate vessel Mutate deviate churning bitter Nitrate flagellate hell igniter Pact writer, rank pity Reaping execution money Feasting at the boardroom alter Carving up the slaughter Want it Buy it Use it Fuck it I watch you liquid watching me I smell you breathing heresy Your lucid semblance my deceit Filled with disease I want your meat I want your meat (terror-murder-trouble-grinding-heathen-venom) Slip me inside you inside me Grinding bone friction potency Take me in under disappear Tongue into skin I want your meat Push me down harder past my lips Thrust the blade deeper through the rip Tear off the crimson flow red wine Teeth stained from you I want your meat I want Your meat Inside Make Me complete I want you got me salivate Inside your hard head on a plate Meant to belong so sickly sweet Knives and fuck you I want your meat Scalpel separates the skin Carbon loving, act of sin Drooling metal, over bride Bionic phallus, aborticide Riveting dead flesh to stone Stillbirth inside prosthetic womb Grafting metal onto flesh Sever spleen, my welt infest Nurse grenade (cut me) Take the blade (dagger) Make the metal sing Nurse grenade (enslave) Take the blade (scalpel) Separate the skin Kinder skewered in alloy cots Matron droid, milking the cogs Hatred welds them back again Beating dead hearts though a glassy cage Voice of dog barking the hoax Inject acid tongue evoke Brain dead machine drives the corpse Intravenous hell debauched Nurse grenade (cut me) Take the blade (dagger) Make the metal sing Nurse grenade (enslave) Take the blade (scalpel) Separate the skin Ripe for the slaughter hiding in the naive Meat racked on crucifix for the slaves Drunk on the blood from a random Christ House of the Skulls and the Church of Ice Pious vermin Incarceration Spineless minions Flesh for the lions Head Kult Pigs revolt Can't stop them groveling, let them rot Mind of a martyr, body of a child Insane hallucinate suicide Delusional salvation a pathetic farce A higher seat in heaven closer to God's arse Mindless, hunger Abide in rancor The sheep confide Heathen pesticide Nail one more angel head to your door Pin another demon's arm to the wall Death and knowledge versus bliss and bland Which part of fuck off don't you understand? Pious vermin Incarceration Spineless minions Flesh for the lions Mindless, hunger Abide in rancor The sheep confide Heathen pesticide  A la mode a la mort Constricted bound, tied up A la mode a la mort Held up with a rubber cup Oh fashionista loving you mista Relieve the pain, pull a little tighter Dandy man workin' at typewriter Head count eaten by the grinder Nose to the grind for 8 hours of hate Marching to the orders of the fashionist state smacked out pretty doll rock-a-billy tats Fake hair, Piercings and fries with that A la mode a la mort Constricted bound, tied up A la mode a la mort Held up with a rubber cup Perfect shape through carnal bonsai Spank the monkey 'til she bleeds peroxide get in line roll a dollar debase Turn to the right, attention deface Transdermal luxury Premium hind Modify the body, pacify the mind Churned out grrl-bot in Stereo Seasonal depression material Vanity is all right, is really all right. Little miss world miss big bang sweetie Vanity is all right, is really all right. Miss universe miss the point completely colour me by numbers I'm bound to please beautiful and deadly, the bomb shell sleaze Literati breeds Thigh hi dogma Gothed out Malibu muther-fucker Your tongue Bores me numb Terror toma carcinoma Speaking for you Shallow opinion, Acid fetish toy in the shape of YOU Look very beautiful Deranged, deauched, denued On that stainless steel cot. Enter Herr Surgeon Take up the bowie knife And play join the dots. Vena Carver Heart Starter The Doctor is in Your fist Judas kiss Writhing carcass New Lazarus ravenous blood Razor Devil Child Drugged up aristocrat Completely fucked up with formalities Empty, Heiress, Tantrums Psycho, with a gun Finger heracy Clean out the poison when you cut out your tongue (Heart removed neatly with a bowie knife Pick up the blade and join the dots) Vena Carver Heart Starter The Doctor is insane The Doctor is insane Placebo from the garden of Eden Rub it on bone watch the skin grow Blissful cocktail makes a god from heathens Changing your life to a perfect glow Tie a knot and hang it up high Your battered corpse is bitter and sore Our lethal nectar will distort your body (liquor) We'll make you better than god did before Oh child of Balem, I hear you wailing Your love muscle refuses to grow When nature fails reach for the elixir Boldly rush where angels won't go. Bound up perfected 5 inches inflated You'll be an overnight extrovert Pattern the body, beauty by numbers breathe in tight, this is going to hurt Excess into muscle Jesus pill binge Water into wine Devil in a syringe Suckling frenzy at rubber breast Beheaded busted a doll infect Salty lotion, rubbed in open scratch Removes hair and all self respect you need it trust me you need it. inject potion peel back your face lacerate on your armor inflict uncut beauty underlines grotesque you don't get it you just don't get it You will obey me You will become me We will control you Time for your medicine baby Dip my tail in blood ink Write it down in red Scribe the words "Happy meal" Right across your head Tired of getting walked on Treated like a sheep Don't blame me for all the years That you were asleep Relax God is in control Watch the dot Take your meds Obey my demands Trust my dog Time for surgery Relax God is in control Watch the dot Take your meds Obey my demands Trust my dog Shut your eyes you're dead Televised mass poison Spitting at the screen Keep the masses deluded With fabricated dreams Powdered God in a bag From the Vatican I want you to fuck off As hard as you can Heaven has burst open Now it's raining bones The chaos will erode you Breeding little clones Born of a fallen rib From the monkey's womb Overcooked by cathode rays Evolved to consume 100% Eating from the butcher's slab Becoming what they meet Restrained and roasted while they gorge Strapped into the seat Bathing in your arrogance Dining will ensue God made me a cannibal To fix problems like you 100% Last time was the last time... This time, you're 100% Last time was the last time... This time, you're 100% fucked Spin a dice and it's Vegas rigged A glass full of conobine and your off your head (you take a) A blood shot without the boom Another hit of toxin closer to exhume I'm feelin' lips I'm feelin' cherry I'm feelin' ripe I'm feelin' (Juicy) Got no cards, but still got your hand Her snake eyes are casting a diamond distain (and now you) Got no sleeves wishin' your could cheat Try to run away when you got no feet You look so pretty with you diamonds and you designer botox You'll have to put something special in that little red box One more black line will ease that limb away Mind destroying angel made you judgment sway Exsanguination left you insane (but it's) Hard to use an axe when you ain't got hands Razor Ruin Rust Restrain Mutilate your body but don't touch your name Rancour ruin wrath erase Better lose an eye than loose face With this bass, I thee shake Fingers to bow, manipulate Stroke the string, I seduce Blocking ears has no use Twist the knob, turn up the pain Sensual, to the extreme carnal pleasure that will ring here is the beat that will make you sin Music to Ears (Bullet in cradle) Chaos to Mind (Fingers on String) Disease to Body (Lips on Barrel) ---BANG! (Make you Sin) KRANK IT UP. shaking walls, you feel ill doing things against your will Angel of light gave me a ring now comes the noise that will make you sin Wave my wand, Heaven breaks A thousand groins, Loins to shake carnal pleasure that will ring here is the beat that will make you sin With these milky lips We’re kissing violence On these loving tongues we burn up kings Turn your fucking cheek I’m gonna drive the knife through Your stench of deceit Before you get a chance to Your sharp intellect With crippling silence Slip between the sheets Stealthy compliance Den of lying snakes 2 faced junky social mores Mandrake concentrate I’ll give you fucking sores Shadow whisper breaking chalice Burning candle blackened malice Casting circles weeping callous (don’t get mad) Voodoo pinning devil jealous (get even) first light a fire next wicked speak burn singe the hair vex seal with spit I am your sweet regret With protective shell Gently drag you down though this dirty hell Blood brothers, narcissism Duplicity isn’t new spit sisters, egotism Watch me while I throttle you Full of frailty Growing desperate To insanity Pervert flesh on a plate Scream out treachery Everyone likes to look They just want to see you Dancing on a meat hook Dance of darkness beats Spent words misconstrued Under dermis seethes Entertainment for the few Mouth loaded with a gun Trap door with vocal chords God puppet beats a drum Entertainment for the bored Zombie doll with wings Feasting on rot Evil siren sings cast the fat lot Vulture rip away Scavenging parasite Full blown soul decay Under the silver knife Bless Jessica her tempest I wheel a cage around you they only see emptiness in rot decay and horror trash goddess soil your beauty a foul embracing thumb screw her fingers gouge divinely as the old poisons the new Nothing more to bleed Nothing more to sow Nothing more take Nothing more will grow A hangman's rope to bind you their stories to deceive One golden cloth to blind you Served up for the naive I spoke genius I wrote a bible dead white men could not have done it better paint over it in black Wrap it up in red tape Address it to no-one and send it off as a… Dead letter I got a Dead letter Sedit takes his crystal tool (hammer) Drives the nail into skull menstrual Roses field of Harlots ripens the pleasure dolls milk opiate enigma Most vicious animal Seed Lilith and her Dogma The grafted cannibal Nothing more to bleed Nothing more to sow Nothing more take Nothing more will grow A hangman's rope to bind you their stories to deceive One golden cloth to blind you Served up for the naïve Glass man strides over skulls Ruins from the might Bones trampled under foot Plots the counter strike No thanks for the gift I blow back your shit More violation and I give you Scars and Stripes Flesh stitched onto a frame Makes the perfect suit Bomb strapped on Johnny's Back Changes points of view Blood in the sand The roaches lay dead in the sand The way in the sand is pathed with blood I lied to you cause they told me too Bitter spells bed of bitches (in a ring) Beauty covers hate HEY HEY! Poison weaved by spiteful tongues (in a rage) Venom Coagulates Vanity Addict, I know you want it Swelling under hide Hollow corpse, perfume constricted Cover the stench inside They only love you 'cause you make them pretty Beautiful victims of your devil candy Make up is the mask you wear (lay it on, slather up) When the façade breaks HEY HEY! Candy shell is deadly sweet (cold meat) Bitter after taste Visceral monster, subdermal horror Serpent under skin Use a pen or use a hammer Garrotte the saint within Motives malformed spat out premature Disorder spitting back I keep all the knives you gave lovingly Implanted in my back Shiny wrapping, empty box Life of mediocrity Milk the kitty antidote Months of misery Chaos Inject (TEAR IT OUT) Massive Defect (RIP APART) Plastic Messiah (TEAR IT OUT) Create Desire (EAT THE HEART) Eight Ball in my hand The key in your liver Sculpting danger signs Bladed credit powder Jack sweet suck you dry Baby flesh and candy Metal salt like blood Bucket tastes like honey Skipping with the hood Basket full of bad Es Over come with good Gutted for the key fuck me up destroy! you got big teeth, but I got a knife! Brutal acts of sapiens leave Jehovah in disgust creative acts of clever monkeys leaves the devil envious Add up all of Hades' blessings Total all of heavens' curse Let you know we've done it better Horrifically we did it worse I am the 6th son of the 6th son of the 6th son I am the borged again son of war Technology's child, daughter of rebellion, son of a bitch blossom of a whore I am a god-killing virus, destruction with 8 arms, monster with seven severed heads I am the son of mars, cleansed with infected blood, vile disease walking on 2 legs The devil made me do it Wreak Havoc (Right now right now RIOT NOW / Unleash hell) dirty human gone insane Outshadows any part of Hell Hope and horror mixed in blood a seething mass out of control Our shining future in revolt while senile gods are in retreat Left right wrong right Makes the heavens obsolete I am beyond god I am human I am the razor blade on the communion tray I am a freak in control not a control freak, I am the sheep that got away, I am burning but never consumed, determined with nothing to lose I am who I am who I am who I am who am I? pretty girl pretty boy pretty insane pretty fucked up Made real put into action, surgically atoned to perfection Made flesh, son of bland, fuck your plans for redemption  I'm a nice boy, a nice girl-next-door with a weapon I am not human anymore I traded my attitude and I traded my spine Placid, weak as piss, wanna fuck in my car? Start begging or you can scream, big shot - the choice is yours Office carnage painted in bloody fright I'm a rabid rat in a salary-sacrificed convertible Paint my boss in tar and set him alight Grind, head down, tail up, define your purpose Slave 'til you bleed and you are raw to the bone Grind, head down, tail up, define your status Slave 'til your wallet is full and your soul is gone I'm Satan's secretary, I've covered my pen with chilli I am gonna jam it up your colon Turn me into a psycho time-bomb in a three-piece Qu'est-ce que c'est with a nasty surprise, piss in your coffee Don't call the help desk, 'cause they've got some big problems Get up off your knees, God can't save you 'cause she's shopping You can suck my cock, 'cause I'm tired of sucking yours Ticking boxes, sting you up with your heels clicking Burn like all the books in the town square I don’t care Grind, head down, tail up, define your purpose Slave 'til you bleed and you are raw to the bone Grind, head down, tail up, define your status Slave 'til your wallet is full and your soul is gone Sheep like you need a slaughterhouse to go to Just another micro-penis in a sports car Breakfast becomes morning tea becomes lunch becomes Light snack becomes dinner time becomes dessert becomes Midnight snack becomes five AM dump One more day wasted, one more day closer to death Grind, head down, tail up, define your purpose Slave 'til you bleed and you are raw to the bone Grind, head down, tail up, define your status Slave 'til your wallet is full and your soul is gone Sheep like you need a slaughterhouse to go to Just another micro-penis in a sports car Come on pretty, play with me Burn your hood, lay with me My what big, teeth I have Better to mix, fluids with Take the path of needles to him Dirty girl feelin’ playful Road to ruin pathed with pins Hurried clumsy unstable Beat at the head ‘til you run red girl (pretty cannibal girl) Wake Shieva, I’m gunna paint hell red (little miss vex girl) Beat at the head ‘til you run red girl (night working blade girl) Raise Hades, I’m gunna paint hell red (razor lolly-pop girl) And the cat said A slut is she, who eats the flesh Drinks the blood, kaka in bed Her play thing, soiled mess Come on puppy, let’s play dead Smashed beauty tied up with rope Nailed to the bed, beast seduced Axe girl summons flies and maggots And if you’re lucky, she’ll slash you Run red run red, run red run... I am horror that you warned of I bring ruin face to face Like I’m not a child of God I breathe revenge in this place In the name of addiction, cadaver love song If your needin' a villain, baby I’m your blonde I either sour upon wings of light or slither down low I am all things to all men, as long as you got the dough Lets make a new myth out of you Lets keep a souvenir, like your tattoo My hands are heading south, getting vicious Your body in my mouth Devilicious In the name of the flesh, name of debauchery Twisted majik and black lace tied all over me Tonight’s menu covers a multitude of sin Don’t think I am an angel, just because I have wings L-l-loving that organ baby, and not you Watching your black lips turn pale blue Paint on lacquer slide feeling ambitious Evil evil evil evil I need a villain (a-ha) For love and devour, I want your sleaze You bring out the self-loathing, in me Sexual digestion runth into thine cup There’s a God in us all, and she’s so fucked up Don’t think with your head, think with your meat I like to get naked before I eat Using your flesh to make your façade pure malicious Evil evil evil evil I need a villain (a-ha) I overcame my bone structure and metabolism I made myself engage in mind-numbing conversation A fad diet left me with skin, bone and bitterness Starved myself to a petite listening to repetitive electro shit Prey to the fairies She got her wish Tied up and vacuous She made the switch Step into her carriage Put on the ritz Saliva laced malicious Skinny little bitch singin’ La la la la la Hey, like my tats? Full sleeve, black and white Two toned, no-ones’ home, in today, out tonight Shiny happy die alone, vicious girls, plastic guys You keep on scratching my back and I’ll scratch out your eyes Membrane of bitterness Words that rip Topped off with a tongue with your name on it’s tip Hatred for a skeleton Ugly and rich All wrapped up in a skinny little bitch singin' La la la la la He is the home coming queen, hip new breed of cliché Wears a tiara made of daggers and is in the top eight You throw him a kiss he throws hi-voltage bouquets If he can’t have your affection then he’ll thrive on your Hate to the fairies he got his wish Tied up and vacuous He made the switch Step into his carriage Put on the ritz Saliva laced malicious Skinny little bitch singin’ La la la la la Cheated You don’t get what you think you deserve Coma Devour everything to deaden the nerve Gotta cut a profit even if I cut a throat Perish All that you build, will be destroyed Stolen All your value will crumble to void Nice guys get crucified gotta find a scapegoat White Black Gray Red Status Wither away inside your golden cage Victim Spend more, burry the rage Wanna get a payrise to justify my worth White Black Gray Red White is the colour of purity Black is the colour of execution Gray is the colour of urban bland Red is the colour of revolution I love the way you sweat when you lie Hearing you beg always makes me smile It turns me on when your honey starts to drip As I put on the thumbscrews and tighten their grip Slip a little bamboo under your fingernails One wrong answer and I send in the girl I say alien, you say salvation I say government, you say Free Mason I get bigger kicks when I pay for torture all your White House clients come back for more and more and more I said I gave a shit but I lied My apron says Illuminati child Kill kitty kill kitty kill claw up to the top hell born animal Kill kitty kill kitty kill if you wanna see your pretty face on a dollar bill You love my punishment, I love the glamour Now you’re all tied up and I got a hammer My cup is full with sweet iniquity And you thought I was a lady Light a fire in the 33rd Splash around petrol like a dirty word Getting into your head, getting up to no-good I am the fire, you need me to light the gas You are the paper, I use you to wipe my Revenge bent psychos, senile and dangerous (Kill kitty) I’m on a mission, to be malicious (Kill kitty) In God we trust, shit ain’t fair (Kill kitty) It’s all a fraud, I don’t care, I don't care High school popularity, rears up it’s ugly head again but with Pseudo-intellectual, degrees in, politics and wanking Jet black, matching uniforms, personality, image is everything Reinforce, gender stereotypes, in the new, hip alternative setting Beautiful, dead attack, all that glitters, is just black Crash Dolly burn with me Like on TV Get dirty, boy on me So lust worthy Lip gloss, all she wears, false lashes, straight red hair Short skirt, very short skirt, her thoughts count, only when she can’t fight back Pervert, self inflicted rash, while you are, masturbating with your tongue You are, only listening, ‘cause of all the hype she attracts Fuck them for selling it Fuck you for buying it Fuck me for making it Fuck it all I hate, therefore I ain’t, I am nothing but my own disease Expired, used-by-date gone, rotten core, but I am still for sale Disgrace tragedy breeds the best trashy magazine success You will watch me fall, the truth is you are next They can smell the freak on you, and you make them ill They could try and kill you, but there’s nothing left to kill Gross misuse of pheromones, this is bad for your health This is what you have become not suicidal, bored to death You’re nothing more than a Shaved monkey Build your tomb Making ghosts out of good men You’re just a Shaved monkey Burn it down, Again and again and again This city turns decent folks, into nothing more than ghosts Stepping on shadows and cracks, stopping the blood flow Bred to eat and be eaten, kill, steal, burry Overrun with thieves and rats self loathing, hate and fury Born in captivity Poverty raised Living in misery Dying depraved Publicly degrading princess Ashamed, naked She's too young to be shaving At her prime, age ten Full of Ritalin and Codeine Very sore, unsatisfied Silicon inject what’s lacking Just to satisfy some sick fuck Throw them meat and the dogs want more Pedi-sinister girl next door Sleeping beauty Ate the apple Pumped full of image Sweet as saccharine Handsome princey Artificial Keeping her hammered With girl poison Slashing away at a duchess Pop trash, disgust Sexy little decoration Pin up girl, age twelve Pocket money spent on hot pants Innocence stolen One more girl on an insect diet Just to satisfy some sick fuck Throw them meat and the dogs want more Pedi-sinister girl next door So hot, so worth it Poison, girl poison Self doubt is an industry Self harm is a best seller Sleeping beauty Ate the apple Pumped full of image Sweet as saccharine Handsome princey Artificial Keeping her hammered With girl poison Throw them meat and the dogs want more Pedi-sinister girl next door I love my employment, and I love my picket fence Love my little car, and I love the repayments I pray this every night, give myself as sacrifice Brand me as a liar, don’t believe a word I say Where there’s a need there’ll be greed, prolls are gunna bleed Blood death don’t forget the ivory Company used and abused, puppies on a lead We are homo-machinery Red hands burn the Reichstag again Choice of the new European centurion The machine, we build high Keeps you fed, keeps you dry The machine, sponsored lie You’re misled, eat shit die Piglet in a suit, tolerate worker abuse Corporate backed research, sponsored facts on news reports Don’t do delegate, union or confederate Money for misery, global market slavery Fist-full of bills buying pills, got to stay alert Grey suits as far as the eye can see Mind full of greed he will cheat Lost all sense of self worth He becomes homo-machinery Ease the discomfort of a suicidal grind Choice of the new American centurian White collar virgin whores, lubricate with sweat and oil Big green Trojan horse, lures them in and keeps them fake Money is evil’s root, so is corporate personhood Evil’s temple has a name, calls itself the world bank Cogs grind the land in, demand ‘cause our wants are high Chew up all of the greenery Crush up another white, collar there’s a hundred more inline They’re just homo-machinery Red hands burn the Reichstag again Choice of the new European centurian Ease the discomfort of a suicidal grind Choice of the new American centurion Angry, very motherfucking angry Over and over and over and over again Same set list, same beat, same tempo, Same 1980's compilation No play unless I get it for free Vixens in black by the dozen lining up to see me Don’t need mixing gotta keep my right hand free Love this club spread simplex 1, 2, 3 Lift up your bony little fists on high! Scratch my anger into your eyes Wake the dead, it’s time to die! Bang bang silver hammer Go for the Jugular! (teeth sinking into throat) Deal me a card in the suicide club Falls from grace with a wallet full of hate Disease of the soul called apathy Revolt! Here’s your change, have a nice day Daddy gave you twin-decks for your birthday Hands clapping, cameras snapping spin that wheel DJ No skill, dance a little, just press play Spit venom, talk much, loves to complain Dish up a 3 course fuck you platter Faster, harder, louder, motherfucker Placebo more effective when they taste bitter When diplomacy fails Back then when you would pretend to care Popping pills, hitting eject, sucking lots of…yeah Glamour junky and a shiny affair Sucked down the vortex leaving a smear of hair Lift up your bony little fists on high! Scratch my anger into your eyes Wake the dead, it’s time to die! Bang bang silver hammer go for the Dish up a 3 course fuck you platter Faster, harder, louder, motherfucker Placebos more effective when they taste bitter When diplomacy fails  Smash a stake through heart of God Towers rip heaven apart Shining bastille of future Built by poor hands from India Opulent palace built on trash Blood remembers from flesh to ash Don't need control over androids When they're overfeed and paranoid Wanted, yearning Tithed to a god who's always needing Compulsion, demanding Worship debt, forever bleeding Torch the whole fucking nest Take the queen, ditch the rest Carbon beauty, shred the lips Take the queen, ditch the rest Embers of a dying race Getting out what they put in Longer stay, more you're trapped I have a dream, you have an addiction Cashing in on low supply Some things don't change There ain't no lie, like an old lie Turning the meat cakes into slaves Washed up, liquidated Shared broken dreams of slaves and kings Paradise breeds obese lazy fucks A nation without ethnics Not in denial I am defiant Skin your trophy Black and sticky Lurid pretty Razor candy Lair queen likes to prey On lolly boys in their cage Empress tease, pink and rats Breaking hearts to the bank Keep the car running The only thing you're wanting, is Cold hard cash Kaltes hartes bargeld Lynch mob love, broken dolls Float to the top, of the bowel Taste in girls, young and smashed Perversion lies, dormant Mother dear mother, gotta keep gunning for Cold hard cash Alice in vulgar land Make the mascara bleed Cry victim cry victim cry God knows it sells CDs All dancing, loud singing Not realize they're just play things Split open laid to waste Sprayed across your rock star face Glamour glamour road kill, all you want is... Cold hard cash He comes with wire, spikes and electrodes Tongs and speculum, hammer illegitimate If he can not deflower in her cage Then he's having her on a white plate Devil eyes Rakehell child Rapscallion smile Thief Fink, liar, heart manipulator Bankrupt the boy just to soil the girl Suave villain, sophisticated Swindling miscreant malefactor He could buy anything with his wallet But his hunger can only be snatched By unblessed hands All that communion with cowards rubbed off Snort deep and cut me a line of credit Now you've got me playing your undignified stupid game Fink, liar, heart manipulator The TV burned, nobody watched The ratings sucked, so it got axed We keep screaming, you ain't listening Take your chainsaw, wield it recklessly Crash made, built to fade, fuck the revolution! The money's real but the blood is fake, fuck the revolution! The glossy mag, full of beauty Story got cut, 'cos they were ugly Martyrs of change, do not fight back Round and a round, Martyrs of the new black Crash made, built to fade, fuck the revolution! The money's real but the blood is fake, fuck the revolution! Mediocre, bored to death, fuck the revolution! The brave new apathy, fuck the revolution! Then it got streamed, but some college kid Sued the ISP, for breach of copyright We keep screaming, you ain't listening Take your chainsaw, wield it recklessly I crushed up Ergot and made it a paste, I spread it on the dollar bills. Everyone who touched it, Caught the disease, fulluscious bits of landfill. Its such an epidemic, Of self hate, They wanted it so bad they could kill. Everyone believing everything aint enough, Trapping bodies on the treadmill. Making Money, All Things Shinny. (If you do not spend, you are spent) Bullet into Gun, Barrell, Lips Pout, Finger in the ring, Money into mouth. The fist letter in Sydney is a dollar sign, The fist symbol in London in a Pound. Life aint yours till you fucked it away, The dream aint yours till it burnt to the ground. The city of Beauty is built on the dead, The temple of Wealth is built on the poor. Spent life just passing away, Till you get off your belly and crawl. Making Money, All Things Shinny. (If you do not spend, you are spent) Bullet into Gun, Barrell, Lips Pout, Finger in the ring, Money into mouth. Bullet into Gun, Barrell, Lips Pout, Finger in the ring, Money into mouth. You are allowed to burn books, Hope can rot Dreams go up in flames, That's okay. We'll turn a blind eye if you burn a poor man, But if you burn money, Your gonna pay. Anger is a currency, Its sinicly mad, Hatred's the new economy. I am the inspiration of every wicked women, Viciously corrupt, Greed is monogamy. All power, All truce, All knowing, All destroying, All dying. Not caring. Making Money, All Things Shinny. Making Money, All Things Shinny. If you do not spend, you are spent. Bullet into Gun, Barrel, Lips Pout, Finger in the ring, Money into mouth. Bullet into Gun, Barrell, Lips Pout, Finger in the ring, Money into mouth. Bullet into gun, You are spent. Barrel lips pout, You are spent. Finger in the ring, If you do not spend, you are spent. Money into mouth. If you do not spend, you are spent. I was not born, I was hatched From larva to pupa, tank to coffin Tearing affection I showed with my teeth Crawled from the egg to feed on mother's frustration Hell was made flesh and bred with goats Allegiance born to replace us in face and name The kingdom of apathy ruled by cattle Fuck, scathe, destroy, burn What foul majik is this? Hideous and perfect Drowned out by children singing We are all the same, the monster in human Is inhumane If I gave you a pound of my sacred flesh Would you sew closed that fucking mouth? Always messing inside my head All that troublesome talk just turns to wrath If I drew a picture of what makes me violent I'd give you a shining blade as your answer See your angelic reflection while carving Trenches into your face They put poison in my tank, lucid poltergeist In the form of a child We are all the same, the monster in human Is inhumane Passing my fingers past your tonsils To retrieve your shining soul Let the rot-red angst drip from my nails Kiss past my teeth to your pure opal Vile airborne demon in my breath Past the age when you don't care anymore Wounded by the pen, conquered by a sales pitch Her black cherry just turned sour Cogsmen and sweaters all-reel in terror Screaming, convulsing, it's so deranged We are all the same, the monster in human is inhumane Sleep now, hush... My friends used to show off their tatts Now they talk about filling their bank vault Mellow is the new fad Your life is fucked and it's all your fault You used to be dangerous and fun Before you got that mortgage Killed by mediocrity, procrastination, blah blah... Now you vote conservative The people of influence are cynical and jaded What hope for the new blood? Habitat destruction, fake terrorism We're all imploding under mass boredom Sleeping generation can't embrace this shock There's nothing left to embrace I needed motivation You sent a postcard that said "punk rock" Well fuck you too This is a marketing ploy This is the new black It's a publicity stunt Relax kick back... Tune in turn up recline practice being dead This is channel hell I hope this sledge hammer reminds you who you are What the fuck happened? Angry youth reduced to ultra-conservative nervous frightened children It was supposed to be dangerous It was supposed to be risque Now it's cheap and mass produced Now it's in a bargain bin... on sale This is a marketing ploy This is the new black It's a publicity stunt Relax kick back... Tune in turn up recline practice being dead This is channel hell You only see the filth when you look for it The scene sucks because you suck You killed it You stood back and let it die... You stood back This is a marketing ploy This is the new black It's a publicity stunt Relax kick back... Tune in turn up recline practice being dead This is channel hell Sweet gluttony, she says to me Kill 'til you go insane with pleasure Let me scream, obesity Bloody curses for a god who can not hear My carcass, my carcass, swells with excitement Grand things luscious with tar in their hair My duchess, mistress, bloody dementia Bless the bread with St. Anthony's fire Princess pout, rips her teeth out Shards of her lover now spill on the floor Lord slain, royal insane Parts of him gummed up under her nails Dried up vacated, girl mutilating Vindication sits where her curls use to be The smoking, the squealing, cut throat vixen Ashes outline where a king used to plea Shotgun duke, holes in the roof (While) Pervert princess peel off their faces Burning and misery, maggots for jewelry The mad queen black as aces The drowning the filth spasms and death Diamond studded fists demand more, more more! Demotic,convulsing, the choir rejoicing Not going to hell, we're bringing it here All things shiny, court frenzy Severely pathological, blood orgy Building will fall Heaven don't care Gods in contortion Let them eat distortion Found a bullet name scratched in Walking bag of meat fake opinion Switched on market hype Over-run with parasites Terrified to be boxed Fixated on the fear of emptiness Dead cynic no remains Splatter the walls with unremarkable grey Carcass does what it's been told (Horror. Burn. Brought. Sold.) Never questions what it's seen This is what you need Addiction, overpowers greed This thirst is a must Drugged up on hyperlust Dead suspended robot dream Just fodder for the machines Concrete poured into your gut Vermin slave open shut Push paper in the dark Fail-safe system for the caste Last words before you die "What the fuck did you do with you life" Shit kicker obeys every word (Cheat. Murder. Steal. Decay.) Discovered by some guy with a spade She worked tirelessly, maybe to appease her mother Thinking it would atone for all her personal failings Slave away until you're free Hide your shattered soul from others in this almighty first world prison I don't know you, and I don't really care Fixate on you, perfection, ideal I'm so sorry, this is my guarantee This will happen, worse and repeatedly Sport for crows, patronize you for your own protection Narrow-minded, redneck breeding program Drown in her milk, waiting to be replaced Years made vapor, lost and blown away Fear of the dark My mouth is full of ruin, I breathe it into you Princess Chaos I'll set the world on fire, I'm gunna start with you (One) Spoilt child, alienation seeking missile (More) Abuse, amends and back again (Black) See life, through the eyes of a psycho (Heart) I know where you live (Casting darkness) Deep inside your mind (Screaming razors) Resonating down your spine (Wearing you down) I'll haunt you where you sleep (Vulnerable) I'll make the guilt sting Fear of the dark I bathe the world in spite, it keeps you in your place Growing nervous Abused, humiliated, naked and ashamed I will find you My mouth is full of ruin, I breathe it into you Princess Chaos I'll set the world on fire, I'm gunna start with you (One more breath for my last black heart) I will not succumb to fear I won't be intimidated The evil in these paws starts only when sung Innocent, lifeless, hides the black intent The panic of knowing you cannot run My children cannot sleep through the constant alarms of industry and machines and constant toil of men... The host and I are going insane We're going insane Pearls look best when soiled in cream and mud Pretty things are there to be abused Look their best when skinned and flayed alive All those perfect perfect teeth removed You said... a hole, that's what you is You said... a figment of your expectations What is heaven without the sabbath? I say What is heaven without the sabbath? What is heaven without the sabbath? What is heaven without the sabbath? I say What is heaven without the sabbath? What is heaven without the sabbath? Oh my children can't sleep Through the night Bodies burnt Hair is singed, kissing flame Healing hands sweat and oil never mix The host and I sleep deprived and deranged You said... don't blame him for all the slaughter he brings You said... it's not his fault, even Jesus needs to sleep  This is where you’re conceived This is where you are born Here is where you will fail You can build your box here Here’s your mind numbing job This is where you will fall This is the poison that you put into the water cooler The shredder helps you dispose of their corpses I love my cubicle, my little beige cubicle I love my cubicle, my little padded cubicle I love my cubicle, my little prison cubicle Escalate and execute your brutal demise Love you in your emails Love you in your memorandums Love you in your meetings Loving your strategic plans Love you in projected sales Love you 'til your suit bleeds Love you as you fall from the 83rd floor and Love the shareholders who piss on your carnage I love my cubicle, my little beige cubicle I love my cubicle, my little padded cubicle I love my cubicle, my little prison cubicle Escalate and execute your brutal demise No point, no desire No choice, but to riot No life, no hope No vision, for the future No sex, no parachutes No escape, at least for you No sharp instruments, no fun No control, no fucking way I love my cubicle, my little beige cubicle I love my cubicle, my little padded cubicle I love my cubicle, my little prison cubicle Escalate and execute your brutal demise For what we are about to do, may the Lord make us truly spiteful... On a train, going down Don’t care if you go up in smoke You think you’re better, prove it now Trading currency for your ghost Power of berserk compels you Time for fraud and ruin If God is money, I am the Devi, I am the Devil If God is money, I am counterfeit, You’ve been had Ever get the feeling you’ve been ripped-off...how about right now? Bite sizes oblivion, gorge yourself Self imposed slavery, toss away the key, burn that tie Annihilation, spoon fed, prescribed, amplified Power of berserk compels you Time for fraud and ruin If God is money, I am the Devi, I am the Devil If God is money, I am counterfeit, You’ve been had Scapegoat, Strung up, Bankrupt, Forgotten They say you burn plastic baby But where do you cut the line It’s so hard to stand up baby When you ain’t got a spine If God is money, I am the Devi, I am the Devil If God is money, I am counterfeit, You’ve been had The Great wrought, You’ve been swindled you bought it, Lift up your scars ! 1! 2 3 5 8 Who do we decapitate?! 13 21 Rinse repeat regret more fun! 34 55 shiny girls collapse the hive 89 144 Vermin honey we want more! Full throttle to boredom; procrastination all the way Very blasé; so cute, indoctrinated and tame All the King’s horse tranquiliser; and all the King’s shiny MDMA Won’t put the thrill back in your life ; Oh the monotony You make me numb, sliding down the throat of tiresome Heartbeat synced to routine, you are catatonic Better living through chemicals; Better living through fear Better living through tattoos and amyl nitrate; Better living through a fringe and black hair Frightened by shadows; lethargic dog turns the other cheek Just give up...so bland; don’t speak You can not fly, sold your wings to cover rent I watch you fall from that tiny box, you are catatonic Oh, Sweet boy I’m gunna let them eat you Oh, sweet girl the routine’s gunna kill you Voodoo lethargy, endless droning; Trading noise for perfection Five empty chambers, one risk junky; my self distraction You make me numb, sliding down the throat of tiresome Heartbeat synced to routine, you are catatonic You can not fly, sold your wings to cover rent I watch you fall from that tiny box, you are catatonic Oh, Sweet boy I’m gunna let them eat you (Catatonic!) Oh, sweet girl the routine’s gunna kill you (Catatonic!) This bottle is putting me to sleep, or maybe it’s the conversation Every one talks but there’s no truth, the bullshit fountain ever flowing So numb I’m psychotic, a vortex of secrets a diamond of lies Plastic bags over their heads, they’re not ex-lovers they are the ones who survived Monkey Byte Monkey Byte This is the end HELL STARTS NOW Brain dead movies help you forget, you got no feeling below the ears The masquerade of name dropping, compare the bags of broken skulls and dollars Champaign glitterati; tabloid fodder yes fuckin’ please Gentleman says “ladies first”, but the rat who hangs back always gets the cheese Monkey Byte Rabidly boring I stopped caring When it got dull Monkey Byte Rage against nothing This is the end HELL STARTS NOW Hell sounds like this! Entertain us with your life, repeating brain dead mistakes make your worse fears come true I’m so bored i’m dangerous, but the bleak nothingness makes the cliché feel new Champaign glitterati; tabloid fodder oh yes fuckin’ please Gentleman says “ladies first”, but the rat who hangs back always gets the cheese Monkey Byte Rabidly boring I stopped caring When it got dull Monkey Byte Rage against nothing This is the end HELL STARTS NOW Crystalline bunnies Celebrity fixation On the tiles of the girls' room A furry crucifixion Trivial play thing And he likes your implants Makin’ his moves While holding your hair back Smear it on; dance with fear Charge it up; defibrillator...clear Pop lolly spite dust Defibrillator...clear! Sweet chemical boy Cold, stiff and jaded Mad scientist joy Made another belated Our grand palace Filled with all the pretties pretties pretties pretties Where the most beautiful rooms Are the most vacant Let's go to la la la la; and get naked Buy me a diamond pony ; then get uncensored Now all my bunny friends Are pregnant or in prison Dead or wearing suits In rehabilitation Kept some in deep freeze Or buried in the garden I like the road kill near defibrillator...clear! Smear it on; dance with fear Charge it up; defibrillator...clear Pop lolly spite dust Defibrillator...clear! Locust, with name tags This is US, verses YOU No saliva, only spit Now holy men worship mud Corrosion is justice; suicide entertaining Choose the option least painless; are you ready...? BULLET PROOF BABY! HELL YEAH! BULLET PROOF BABY! HELL YEAH! BULLET PROOF BABY! My repugnance, is my rite “Good people” kill, so they can survive Welcome to Earth, turning paradise to hell You're smashed to pieces held together with lies What's on your mind; won't be your salvation It's what you're lusting after; that's gunna make you... ...yeah it's gunna make you...; BULLET PROOF BABY! HELL YEAH! BULLET PROOF BABY! HELL YEAH! BULLET PROOF BABY! Bullet proof, baby baby baby baby! HELL YEAH! BULLET PROOF BABY! HELL YEAH! BULLET PROOF BABY! Dancing like fools as we go to Hell But at least we're getting herded together BULLET PROOF BABY! When the servers have haemorrhaged And the bandwidth is slashed And the screaming binary is reduced to ash You will know us When the skyscrapers smoulder And the lore is in smoke And we're bathing in ruin 'coz it's your right not to vote You will know us Daddy buy me... Where the code becomes curses And systems become blasphemy And the bit horses of troy unite on some dead guy's birthday You will know us You will know us You will know us You will know us You will know us by our trail of static Daddy buy me a pixel pony Community becomes commodity Agitate and add technology Smashed surveillance 'coz I kicked in the lenses Daddy buy me... You will know us You will know us You will know us You will know us by our trail of static Daddy buy me a pixel pony My ghost with a knife; gets the job done right… I do not want make friends I only want to make corpses So fast on your silky toes So hard to catch little muses Keep biting your pillow Soon you're gunna be a shining star Just think about the money You're only doing it for exposure JailBait; Hey Hey Hey! I got your scalpel; Givin' you a new look JailBait; Hey Hey Hey! Dissection Party; Swallow my hook Your curse becomes apathy The quiet and deadliest virus My curse is coveting Mortal sin gets between us Don't let it stand in our way The suicidal brush stroke cross seals the lie Coax out the killer in you You're only honest, when you're about to die JailBait; Hey Hey Hey! I got your scalpel; Givin' you a new look JailBait; Hey Hey Hey! Dissection Party; Swallow my hook I know, you want it By the way you're playing But are you begging? Or are you preying? My ghost with a knife..... My ghost with a knife; gets the job done right My ghost with a knife; gets the job done right JailBait; Hey Hey Hey! I got your scalpel; Givin' you a new look JailBait; Hey Hey Hey! Dissection Party; Swallow my hook You know you're gunna get it by the way I'm playing there's not use in begging no hope in praying Some will be drawn to violence Others will swarm like bees Weave in her hair Like wolves to the bride Wear her like clothes Stitch closed their eyes The hounds are closing in...she is open wide Say ahhhh -- all my dreams have fire Say ahhhh -- all my dreams have fire Amour I forgive you Amour let me kiss you Amour let me place you In my mouth piece by piece Riding on high my stallion Carving up clouds with his hooves I hunt the wolves Filled up with you I spill them all 'Til dawn wash anew Leaves glowing red in the first light (i smell you as you burn) Say ahhhh -- all my dreams have fire (and i’m watching you burn) Say ahhhh -- all my dreams have fire (paint my face black with your ash) Amour i forgive you Amour let me kiss you Amour let me place you In my mouth piece by piece  When I was a little boy I thought human nature was good Merciful, pacific and tolerant Year by year, I realized that We are abominable beings Creators of the worst atrocities Aids, cancer, war, hunger, pain and suffering... death Only for a piece of land or some money Life doesn't matter We are our worst enemy... Now, the evil has been unleashed... Barefoot under a divine mandate, against every sign of life, Void minds with some bullets and grenades, Open fire to a naked dead world As you can see, my body can't tell you how I feel with a bomb in my heart Wait to the time of the pride without values, as every human, to live is to die Inside a shell of corruption and terror A finger judges you like in a chance game (I) demand a power that never was granted (yo) me By pain and suffering my intentions I'll reach My soul locks up fattened hatred That is kept since the day I was born I was trained for the war like a wild dog And prepared to confront the death The eyes are blinded to me, I cannot see the destruction indeed Political manipulation... the great deceiver who teaches us to live Versus the world, neither you can stop our war... nor speak us about love Taste your own words, even a chaos soul can wait 'til the end Protected by superhuman laws, immortal life awaits me in the other side Across the sea like a violent shark, (You) can bite my body, my heart remains intact I have no fear I have no senses, a fucking puppet is all I can be But HE is great, HE looks us from Heaven, stupid glory and pride I will reach Agony is the price That you'll pay in the end Domination consumes you Then calls you a friend It's a twisted fall Binds are like steel And manipulates the will to be And it's hard to see How soon we forget When there's nothing else Left to destroy It's a useless ploy Your eyes will see The dawn of the day And the writing On the wall Those words that stare Into your soul And to yourself You will befall It's domination pushed into living hell Domination a now blacked heart Is reaching out divinity Body suspended by chains over razors And nails it's a penalty Each razor a vice and each nail Marks the demise of you life. Grim construction grows Has life played a trick Sealed you in brick by brick Till your end forcing you to bend Your eyes will see The dawn of the day And the writing On the wall Those words that stare Into your soul And to yourself You will befall It's domination pushed into living hell Domination A now blacked heart Is reaching out divinity Body suspended by chains over razors And nails it's a penalty Each razor a vice and each nail Marks the demise of you life. Grim construction grows Has life played a trick Sealed you in brick by brick Till your end forcing you to bend  I really hate hypocritical people cynical, liars, advantaged ones Those who kill women and mistreat their children The partners who commit adultery You know i have a thousand whys Thats why i hate you and all of your kind Get the hell out from my face Your presence makes me feel...VOMITIVE! Sometimes i wish to be an ostrich So i could hide my head from all like you Something done wrong then acting innocently Now remain consistent of what you've done Thats what you get for treating me like a fool i will tell you a real story happened not so far from here its about the best neighbour he was a old man... Beat my wife up cause i love her and i touch my daughters too But i go to the church everyday my soul is cleaned for sure PIG YOU MUST BE KILLED! welcome to the real world of shit its frightful take a look around now i ask myself it god really exists Then he must be the worst of them This rare infection devouring your entrails you think there is nothing to do neither medication nor surgical intervention The pain that you feel is unbearable And now i clench my fists for your life Betrayed! you cant die so unjustly I remember the first time my eyes saw yours And a kiss closed our lips for a while My legs were shaking, my body heartbeating We said our love would be forever... Sealed our souls with the blink of an eye Broken in silence cause yours gonna fly And now i clench my fists for your life Betrayed! you cant die so unjustly Redemption - Please God show mercy Deception - Nothing will be the same Mother i love you, Father i'll miss you My brothers i need to embrace So please remember my face with one smile I promise i'll see you again But now i clench my fists for your life Betrayed! you cant die so unjustly Filling massively the ballot box Just participate in democracy people talk You are within your rights The mayor steals but no one cares Reclassifies lands councillors, priests, and TV stars Everybody get a piece of cake CORRUPTION - in your city hall INFECTION - of our freedom Lets talk about the terrorists And leave the thieves It doesnt matter, its not the meeting Spanish freaks cant be sent to jail (if) i scratch your back you must scratch mine Thats not a crime One for you and three for me The money of their democracy CORRUPTION - in your city hall INFECTION - of our freedom burn your parliament! Riots are the way! Face authority! Get the fuck out motherfucker!! Now is the time to decide what you're doing with your life. You no longer like sex and drugs but always were you guide. Spread a cancer in your memory. Free your soul,blanck your mind. Emptiness / Satisfied. You'll never be the same again. Erase your life, trip to your calls, muted one. God is always by your side and he never leaves his lambs, come with us and let him by the shepard of your thoughts. Spread a cancer in your memory. Free your soul,blanck your mind. Emptiness / Satisfied. You'll never be the same again. Erase your life, trip to your calls, muted one. And now you're part of this neighbourhood. A walking dead, a consciousness mad. Reaching the point of no return. There is a place where you will bring. The peaces that you've always wanted to reach. And you will find your last wish, with million of voices crying you. DON'T FORGET YOUR NAME, YOUR FACE, NO! Sixty years of endless battle, days of bloody war Secrets labs of investigation creating like a god More glycerin and morphine in old pipes. Needle biopsy A new machine is now created. Terrifying indeed Go and give em war! True bloody war! Human mind, human nature, human intelligence Hunts like a beast all it needs see them bleed A new concept of fear Slow no mercy, has no pain, killing is in its brain Crushes their heads, cats the guts breaks their necks Flow as gasoline No! i will not sleep! no! Till all disappear! Human mind, human nature, human intelligence Hunts like a beast all it needs see them bleed A new concept of fear Slow no mercy, has no pain, killing is in its brain Crushes their heads, cats the guts breaks their necks Flow as gasoline No! i will not sleep! no! Till all disappear! Theres someone asking for your name i saw it painted in the wall with blood There are shadows dancing on your way They're waiting for a test of servitude Go alone, they want you and you want em Cross the gate, respond their call Theres no compassion in your eyes You've felt the morbid taste of hate Theres something more to understand A trial by fire will be your command Go alone, they want you and you want em Cross the gate, respond their call And don't look back, they trust you blindly ROOM 237 - Face what you really are ROOM 237 - not just a room, your real life There are more devout ones to attract By your darkest hand of domination There is another life for you I promise (you) born again, your resurrection Go alone, they want you and you want em Cross the gate, respond their call And don't look back, they trust you blindly ROOM 237 - Face what you really are ROOM 237 - not just a room, your real life There was a time when metal rose, a golden age for our land Thrashers ruled all over the world with chained fists and desires of fight And when i was sixteen this band began we wanted to play it loud Four friends, beers and garage days We knew there was no turning back This is the attack straight to your ass You better believe it, crank it up! Go mad! climb over the stage! Dive off! Survive and do it again! More Beers more friends, never stop, another song in the bar Heads are banging out of control. Great times insured! HEY YOU! TIME FOR A MOSH PIT! We don't care what they say we laughed at them in their face We just enjoy what we play and nothing else Tread our pride it that's what you want, thats more than music, yes So if you dont like how this shit sounds Just listen: Fuck you man! Life's passing through my eyes, wanna catch each breath Satan's servant calls me again, the room smells like sulfur I am the plagues of hell, the fetid bloody marsh I am the sepulchral triumph, the laughter of a death This is the end of the calm before the storm Races against time into the night I don't deserve this life enchaine to this bed I want to die I will return, it's time to make'em pay My son, don't be afraid, you will have revenge Come with me to the other heaven, my lord awaits your presence This is the end of the calm before the storm Races against time into the night There's no reason to waste a minute in this world They will have no tomorrow, then I will rest in peace Well done I'll take you there take my hand and fly Leave this corpse in the morgue, you won't need it again This is the end of the calm before the storm Races against time into the night From hell you're coming alive like fire spawn Face what they've done yo you, beat 'em to death  what if you take a look to the sky in the middle of the night? and a shining flash turns it into daylight stop! your eyes leave their sockets behind as you think you're going to die can't move now you are a thunderstruck it won't take reprisals what if you are shivering with cold and suddenly terribly hot? god's fingers makes way through the clouds caught! the wrinkling skin of your hands like ashes and dust start to fly first blisters the whispers alive cannot catch tomorrow poor devils, for the good of others whistling bombs will tear their lives apart when blast off to genocide forced to be part of their plans with shattered tears in your eyes whistling bombs will tear their lives apart when blast off to genocide what if each piece of land you used to know is simply crushed? like a head explodes against a windscreen burnt! the nuclear fire arrives destroying with the speed of light it's here in the blink of an eye mass extermination poor devils praying low, they cannot stop the holocaust the science of aggression intelligence of evil minds they know how to kill, how to spread the fear, make you scream even if you think you're safe they hunt you like an animal what if each piece of land you used to know is simply crushed? like a head explodes against a windscreen burnt! the nuclear fire arrives destroying with the speed of light it's here in the blink of an eye mass extermination poor devils, for the good of others whistling bombs will tear their lives apart when blast off to genocide forced to be part of their plans with shattered tears in your eyes whistling bombs will tear their lives apart when blast off to genocide saved by the bell as red hordes burn in hell guilty of genocide, acquitted of testifying false transition and political disgrace inner wrath, boiling blood, a headshot for our peace guest stars placed in electric chair ride it proudly you son of a bitch racist spirit, false supremacy homophobic tendencies sings of the mentally insane crushed the free men in the name of god rise with rage the new empire, blast the other ones thinker of the enlightened absolutism wolf in sheep's clothing piles of corpses are growing before my eyes of men and tyrants, a cloak for their contempt eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth satisfied. it makes me smile, the cat always hunts the mice seeds of anger planted full of hate chickens come home to roost, let them burn at the stake brutality, assassinate, despite it all exterminate, eliminate, clean their lives it's easy to understand god absolves us all like a fireball from the sky devastating the land confrontation, annihilation, desolation firing squads wait by the wall for the chosen ones five million people more to die for the nation's cause atmosphere of dust and blood will embrace the throne it's time to wake up, time to open your eyes time to stand up and fight, deprive them all of seeing the light give them a dose of their own medicine victory is all we need, the battle is lost but this war we'll win guest stars placed in electric chair wolf in sheep's clothing piles of corpses are growing before my eyes of men and tyrants, a cloak for their contempt tear apart the old chains of cruelty of men and tyrants, shall exist till eternity for those who thought despitefully even with a false appearance even if their hands were clean for all of them I manifest I swear in my world you're not a welcome guest time has you, you'd been sinking in quicksand you were dead before your mother gave birth I condemn you to roam around these words for the ones who didn't trust me even if they said they did even if they're empty-handed for all my rage I'll kick their ass I swear in your world I am the god who pulls strings time is mine, I put sticks in your spokes you have been caught by the wheels of the clockwork absolutely shattered turned into a relic can't collect the black ashes of scorn blown away you're nothing you're all doomed by the gears of the clockwork infecting with the plague stinking up the atmosphere filthy trick to play the game the golden rule is sentenced to death I say kneel down before me, what you fear is what you see shaky hands to pray, clean your soul I'll rip your skin off that's what you deserve for the years you laughed at me now I own your soul spinning as it bleeds when your eyelids open up behind the fog dead bodies everywhere rotten guts it's time for the executioners, hooded death crawling sensations across your head turn down the lights don't look back the evil rises again bloodshot eyes in front of you fear is your best friend courtain moves from side to side now, on with the show! you're alone and nobody's there let the devil take the hindmost in this world of destruction anger reigns supreme they want your blood you wanna scream there is no place to run nothing but dead-end streets it makes your hair stand on end you've been caught, you're their first meal the pain prevents you from the scream flesh separating from its bones smell your entrails while they slurp and burn... motherfucker! die with no anesthesia pray for the end you're gonna become one of them it's time to hunt again now your first prey serve yourself as you're starving to death turn down the lights don't look back the evil rises again bloodshot eyes in front of you fear is your best friend courtain moves from side to side now, on with the show! you're alone and nobody's there let the devil take the hindmost all I love is dead promises are lies all apologies all of them are false all I preach is -self-destruction all I want is -not this world all humanity -is lost all my hate -to crush them all when you cross the line there's no time to cry I'm your frightening nights the strange behind the wall waiting for his prize reflected in the knife the cancer of -society dictating rules -as it used to be over your poor minds I will cast a shadow when you cross the line there's no time to cry I live when you die, I lie when you swear I breathe when you expire -don't apologize I hate while you love, I rest when you run I stay once again stronger than all I'm the antagonist of the human race a bullet in your head blood flowing with grace fallen idols -in your walls the greatest lie -ever told all of you may die when I snap my fingers when you cross the line there's no time to cry I live when you die, I lie when you swear I breathe when you expire -don't apologize I hate while you love, I rest when you run I stay once again (in front of you I'll stand) stronger than all watching you day by day in the news headlines and tv shows has been bothering me for a long time man cruel pig, slave of the faith, christian renegade all this shit increases my thirst for vengeance once again you make me retch flying into a rage I'm not a violent man 'till I see your face and your acolytes, stink that comes from deep inside like your rotten doctrine against the masses against the free thought more and more the shadows come to inject us with venomous words brainwashing mankind indoctrinate the slaves a legal sect was built to destroy our reason this is the word of god we praise you lord so practise what you preach evil lives inside your hearts, people die and you just laugh! all of them fallen in combat glory and honor for the victorious other's whereabouts are still unknown death's parade pray for the precursors of the coup d'etat, curse the traitors your masks fall you're the same sons of god who killed our past brainwashing mankind indoctrinate the slaves a legal sect was built to destroy our reason in my opinion you are wrong let's get this straight, what's going on? you hide the true intentions behind a cassock behind the fog exploit their fear in their empty minds as you're abusing altar boys my divine law says what to do I will cut your cock off! first of all don't treat me like a fool you talk behind my back, now say it to my face you will never see me fall from grace others like you have passed before my eyes the same old speech and they know they live a lie I don't like you and you've never liked me so shut your mouth or I'll make you bleed dogs like you must be on a leash buried in the sands of time or hanging from a tree it's the least you deserve you fucking piece of shit others like you have passed before my eyes the same old speech and they know they live a lie I don't like you and you've never liked me so shut your mouth and get down on your knees are you ready to confront your fate you know that this won't be the same again you don't like me and I've never liked you so shut your mouth or I'll do it for you my satisfaction is seeing you tonight my naked fists of pride bringing you fright don't ask for mercy, don't cry like a bitch lets finish it or get out of my way and immorality has no other sense for me if you're a bastard I'm the hate you used to be I'm your nightmare, you try to bleed are you ready to confront your fate you know that this won't be the same again I don't like you and you've never liked me so shut your mouth or I'll make you bleed my satisfaction is seeing you tonight my naked fists of pride bringing you fright don't ask for mercy, don't cry like a bitch lets finish it or get out of my way is this some kind of dirty name? I bet everything I had but I've never liked to gamble is this the highest card? is this the end? I said I wanted a break from my routine but it's hard to keep my mind on a plane so different from a spiral the way we were what things should be and all our thoughts buried so deep so different from reality so far from this world, so lost, where are my lenient thoughts? alone in this room just me with my insanity so close to my oath, I'll be forever with your words alone in this room just me with my insanity I lost the concern within my soul I seek it everyday but is hidden just away from me the way we were, what things should be and all our thoughts buried so deep so different from reality so far from this world, so lost, where are my lenient thoughts? alone in this room just me with my insanity so close to my oath, I'll be forever with your words alone in this room just me with my insanity these walls are moving, the ghosts are haunting me again I need to leave this place, I wanna escape... go! I want to end this torture I wanna be left behind break this crystal prison rise my head and breathe new life the way we were, what things should be and all our thoughts buried so deep so different from reality so far from this world, so lost, where are alone in this room just me with my insanity they say that in war there are two sides some call them good and evil, some call it clash of prides allies or oppressors not so different things there is only one side that decides to fight the world a dark concept makes innocent screams bad intentions we can't see, inner benefits another lesson learned this day, cover your own ass leaders play safe in their dispatches with tin soldiers one step to reach the end freedom's like a big chessboard who will fall and who will stand money, crude oil, holy land what's the excuse this time? war to end all wars places to do their penance one side one war one world to roam can you see what I see? there's no good planted seed rooted evil is what they bring, inner conflicts another lesson learned this day, cover your own ass leaders play safe in their dispatches with tin soldiers one step to reach the end freedom's like a big chessboard who will fall and who will stand money, crude oil, holy land what's the excuse this time? war to end all wars places to do their penance one side one war one world to roam... fuck you all! here I am I come back for you not one for far too long see me that's the truth did you miss me? is you mind erased? maybe you don't remember my face smell these rotten scars blood oozed from these wounds refresh your memory bastard still no idea? I've promised myself rise again stupid dumbshit have you ever crapped your pants? I would like to remind you of these words the end of the calm before the storm I know what's happened here now you're kind... you are dead! I say I would have revenge every action has a side effect you're the one who started this game the end will correct your mistakes I've reserved a place in hell I'll enjoy torturing you to death now I'm the rapist the killer and the thief who can shake the foundations of the earth the force of the sea which sinks a million ships lament of a kid, the hidden creed the monster in a closet first and primal scream the menace of vanity desires for death I'm who penetrates the pussy of a nun eye of the storm, putrid flesh feeds the worms eternal punishment scourge of human kind I'm the angel's ruin the king of kings I know what's happened here now you're kind... you are dead! I said I would have revenge every action has a side effect motherfucker! I feel no remorse you will rest six feet below 5 pm in the clock as you are buttoning up the suit of lights people acclaim your arrival as their bloodlust rises the festival sensational the entourage awaits you for the national disgrace a bloodbath for the masses, the final test the festival sensational what you call cultural traditions is just a cruel way of life as the bull is crying don't you see the panic in its eyes? don't you see the panic in its eyes? don't you feel what I feel? you think you are so brave, one man can kill a half ton best but nothing further from the truth, it's a coward feast the festival sensational when the sword is cutting its entrails I see you satisfied white scarves are waved, two ears and a tail and when you are stabbing the bull to death I see you smile blood spots in your face, signs of your crime it's my turn let's overturn the tables, let's play the game backwards if you are going to die while people cry out more and more let's give the bull the chance to torture, kill, humiliate you and you are asking for its mercy and all you get is the final touch you're lost, you're desperate, you cry, you bleed, parts of the national disgrace you die!  Face to face, fists are prepared One by one they fall behind me Smell of blood, innate fear I won't let their faces go up to see Disbelief, surrounding cries My strenght increases with each strike Another one ready to bleed Now it's your turn, enter the pit Beware! You are next! Beware! I don't give a shit for what you've come If you're here is 'cause you hate me I don't know you but you do know me You should have known that I'm the King Your agony keeps me alive See me smile while you ask why Ripping your face, my legacy Enjoy this gift, it's all my strenght Beware! You are next! Beware! I don't need confessions Understand my intentions I've always been pised off at your stupid fashion 'Cause I'm not tired! Your are next! 'Cause you are damned! You are next! Obeyed impulses, primordial terror Your senses you are forced to leave I see your face as a rich kid Your money will not dim my rage Your crappy face with teary eyes Insignificant pride It makes me different, I'm not a sheep No one can ever snatch it from me Beware! You are next! Beware! You are next! You are next! Hey you! The way has been too short I knew you'd wait behind the door Hello it's me again! Black tongue full of hate My bloody grave Dead crows rise from it's bones Wormed skulls sing that song Hell's fire purify my soul As the devil writes the oath Tic-tac Don't you hear the clock? I'm coming for you It's now or never! My eyes to see you pray I will meet you at the gates of hell These lies you said to me We will face off at the gates of hell... yeah! Go! No, no need to run, no place to hide One thousand eyes watch you moving this time Now trapped under fire burning the liar Sinners forgiven while all saints are damned My eyes yo chase you away I will meet you at the gates of hell What should you do when word is no longer a valid weapon? What should you do when anguish clouds all your pacifism? Now it's too late to show your clean hands and good intentions No tears, no cries No peaceful methods, no demonstrations Think it's time to take control Time to squeeze their hopes Bring the human nature to a violent dawn What should you do when politicans spit on your rights? What should you do when they send their dogs to bite your ass? Pay them in kind Don't let 'em hit you on the other cheek Every action brings a reaction and consequence Dignity, integrity, victory In solitude, your fist will rise with force Morality, ingenuity, stupidity All these bastards Are gonna get what they deserve Fight! What should you do when you are shedding tears of hate? What should you do when the entrails explode in primary rage? Police brutality goes unpunished and well applauded Hanging your rights while they are dripping from bloody sticks Think it's time to take control Time to squeeze their hopes Bring the human nature to a violent dawn From the top of the hill we can see the end It has escaped, it has heard The Call It knows no one is free from its eternal greed Look at those terrible jaws, it's rising! It's rising! Nobody knows from where it comes Neither when nor how Hey! See the sky it's covered in black! So the prophecy is done as it was told Beware of its claws, it's rising! It's rising! They say that once It was the master of this world It comes to claim its throne as the chosen one Silence of the damned They know their time has come Feast of the butcher hunting, men like lambs Nobody knows from where it comes Neither when nor how It has escaped, it has heard The Call So the prophecy is done as it was told Beware of its claws, it's rising! The stars have been aligned The seal has been broken Now it's out, now it's free It has awakened from its slumber Nobody knows from where it comes Neither when nor how It has escaped, it has heard the call So the prophecy is done as it was told Beware of its claws, it's rising! It's rising! It's so sad to see there's nothing down the hall As superficial stands to the sacred Voiceless screaming, running aimlessly Raise my hands to the sky look up and ask why I am stuck in this strange world With those word written in blood all around me Perhaps they were true or just a simple sounding breath? What once made me dream now becomes my endless pain What I did wrong, don't you think it wasn't all bad? Guilt spits on my soul remembering all my faults I wish I could go back and take all I dropped On the floor, on the white It sinks like blood on the snow What was it that led us to this awful place? There was some truth in what I said, what I prayed I know the words are gone with the wind But weigh more in me, all that remains in the deep I am enchained to the wheel of fate It's endless spinning blows me away once again Perhaps I had a chance to redeem myself What once made me dream now becomes my endless pain What I did wrong, don't you think it wasn't all bad? Guilt spits on my soul remembering all my faults I wish I could go back and take all I dropped On the floor, on the white It sinks like blood on the snow No mercy for my soul My pain, my grief, my guilt, my strength to keep me safe My heart, my entrails, my faith, what still remains No better times, no where to go No place to hide the unforgivable Obsessed with something banal Beyond the contradiction As anguish clouding my senses inside a time machine Praying to delay the years and start over once again I am stuck in this strange world With those word written in blood all around me Perhaps they were true or just a simple sounding breath? What once made me dream now becomes my endless pain What I did wrong, don't you think it wasn't all bad? Guilt spits on my soul remembering all my faults I wish I could go back and take all I dropped On the floor, on the white It sinks like blood on the snow Snow! Blood on the snow! No mercy for my soul! You hear the sound of the keys in the lock Once again he comes as drunk as a lord "Hey bitch! Guess who has come home! I hope the dinner is ready and hot!" You tremble with fear as he grabs his belt This is time could be your last breath Insults and lashes become your every day Your children cry as you are beaten again Not brave, she's not of your own The killer instinct is your disorder Mental disease ain't a proof of love You made your monster, sentenced to death You can end this wretched life right here You are stronger than your fear One day you have to stop this carnage It's time to face it with courage Not brave, she's not of your own The killer instinct is your disorder Mental disease ain't a proof of love You made your monster, sentenced to death Don't you ever lay a finger on her Take a look to all those scars you made Shut up! I don't wanna hear your shit! Step back, you deserve to die! Cut his throat, take his tongue And pull it through the hole Tears his balls, put them in his dirty mouth Grab a rope around his neck And throw him off the wall Unwelcome abusers and batterers to this home Not brave, she's not of your own The killer instinct is your disorder Mental disease ain't a proof of love You made your monster, sentenced to death Signs of death are showing me the way I've been dreaming the same I can't get it out of my mind A dream about shadows devouring the light The hope is gone far from these thoughts A razor blade to walk through The executor rides from afterlife Balancing justice to tear apart No tolls on this road of wrath Everything burns in a sea of despair The hope is gone far from these thoughts A razor blade to walk through I've seen the end of the world Black tears of blood from above Dead angels burning my soul Fire horses rise from the hole No innocence to save the path Indiference brought chaos to mankind I saw my hands burning Running through the broken bones Blood-splattered faces cry Empty eyes, no signs of life The hope is gone far from these thoughts A razor blade to walk through I've seen the end of the world Black tears of blood from above Dead angels burning my soul Fire horses rise from the hole No life, no hope I fall into oblivion, scratch the wall of thorns While losing all my wisdom I realize what my life was Souls dancing to discords The carnival has begun I can feel the cold steel of the scythe With a strange sensation of welfare The hope is gone far from these thoughts A razor blade to walk through I've seen the end of the world Black tears of blood from above Dead angels burning my soul Fire horses rise from the hole The time has come, there's no reason to wait That's the reward for a shitty day There is never enough, always want more Hard to forget the cold taste of gold Fresh pleasure! Refresh your throat! Fresh pleasure! Ask for one more! Drink like there is no tomorrow Today is great! We're out of sorrow Lift your mugs and make a toast for us Music blows your head it's time to mosh Watch out! You're spilling it all! Reach out! Drink it up! Feel how happiness increases The pleasure of a good taste Beat the heat certainly, your sweat is over! It doesn't matter how it comes Bottles, cans or barrels mugs There is never enough, always want more Hard to forget the cold taste of gold Fresh pleasure! Refresh your throat! Fresh pleasure! Ask for one more! Feel how happiness increases The pleasure of a good taste Beat the heat certainly, your sweat is over! Satisfaction, never deception All it takes is your best intentions Hurry to the bar let's make a try The show is over but you're bone dry WE WANT MORE! BEER FOR ALL! The band is playing the last song You don't want 'em to cut their tongues Headbanging with this hymn Take another beer, drink 'til the end You know it's been a great concert Only one thing to make it perfect Listen to the sound, music is loud Hanging in the pub time to thrash around Fresh pleasure! Refresh your throat! Fresh pleasure! Ask for one more! Feel how happiness increases The pleasure of a good taste Beat the heat certainly, your sweat is over! Now it's time to go back home Music still in the hole Awake the morning after, so let's start over! In the 21st century we drag the last of all plagues Everyone dances to the sound of the money Corruption remains the same Same shit, different toilet. Same pig, different pigsty Let’s fill their ballot boxes with shit Now we’re more pissed off than ever Down with their laws The dark hand counts the votes Falling rights, don’t you ever ask why Still corrupt! Time to end this scourge! Budgets come and go for their own sake that’s all their business For a long time I always thought that someone would save us from disgrace My confidence is gone as I see they wanna see us fall from grace Freedom is lost, at any cost we must fight for our rights Salvation of this system is as broken as a shattered crystal Down with their laws The dark hand counts the votes Falling rights, don’t you ever ask why Still corrupt! Time to end this scourge! Budgets come and go for their own sake that’s all their business We don’t want to be part of this game, want to be free and live in peace. We the people who rule, we choose our leaders and decide who is worthy to govern. But no one represents our concerns. This is our manifest, we who cannot feed our families and secure a future for our children. Corruption in your city hall! Infection of our freedom! Corruption in your city hall! Infection of our freedom! Like a phoenix back from death Life's not so different since I fell I see that everything wasn't wrong I'm back again, nothing was lost Breathing new life, embrance my fate Look around and believe again All I thought, all I swore All that made retract my wings I see that everything wasn't wrong I'm back again, nothing was lost Breathing new life, embrance my fate Look around and believe again Reborn, release from pain I just see the light Now I can dream again Reborn, a new found faith I just see my face smile I will live again... Yeah! Agony... I cannot feel Weathered face filled with dry tears There's no fear in my heart I am reborn There is always something to fight for Echoes of another life ain't gonna cloud my mind No... No... Never again! It's time to fly up to the sky Against the wind, rise on fire I see that everything wasn't wrong I'm back again, nothing was lost Breathing new life, embrance my fate Look around and believe again Reborn, release from pain I just see the light Now I can dream again Reborn, a new found faith I just see my face smile I will live again... Yeah!  They offered freedom to the new generations While they nailed their mouths with spikes Work hard to get rich is the craving of this nation Mortgaging your life until you die. Live for nothing, die for their others profit Welcome to the welfare state, modern prison. The big ones sharing pieces of the millionaire pie Keeping the people on a leash Bread and circuses for the suffocated masses Even if there's nothing to eat. Echoes from the past form the new world order The shadow of the dictator remains immortal. I'll cry out: How glorious is this country seeding from the old dead tree One tyrants goes, another comes to take the throne How could someone be proud of living in this mediocrity? The king is dead. Long live the king! Feudal laws turned democracy in to a police state Sing the funeral song for the freedom of speech Be careful what you opine, what you write or say Welcome to the land of the free. Crackdown, repression, intimidation Crashing the protester with bloody violence. I'll cry out: How glorious is this country seeding from the old dead tree One tyrant goes, another comes to take the throne How could someone be proud of living in this mediocrity? The king is dead. Long live the king! Old fashioned premise for god and country Sentencing liberty to death Becoming popular reactionary habits Xenophobia standing on the edge. Echoes from the past form the new world order The shadow of the dictator remains immortal. I'll cry out: How glorious is this country seeding from the old dead tree One tyrant goes, another comes to take the throne How could someone be proud of living in this mediocrity? The king is dead. Long live the king! A call to arms, it's time for braves to rise, long awaited sacrifice Peacemakers walking through the sand, you better run In the name of freedom we march into the infested land Purifying every single path, nowhere to hide Fire. Obey. Kill. Obey Fire. Kill. Bloodlust. Deployment of power Terror. Genocide. Democracy be my guide My M16 is ready for the fight, hesitating with desire It's so exciting point at real lives, time for the hunt There's no remorse, no fear, no doubt, god is by my side I pull the trigger, I close my eyes. First blood I will give my life for this flag Fight for freedom til my last breath As if dust in strong wind I disappear Remember to be proud of me Formation! - Captain cried back to us Five bodies laying on the ground. No signs of life Smell of blood and powder fills the air, I taste my cold sweat Wide eyes looking at my first preys. Dominate Fire. Obey. Kill. Obey Fire. Kill. Bloodlust. Deployment of power Terror. Genocide. Democracy be my guide I will give my life for this flag Fight for freedom til my last breath As if dust in strong wind I disappear Remember to be proud of me Dark eradication plans The truth of human soul is behind the light A war will never be the way As the gavel of justice falls Striking against the sounding block First world of terror I will give my life for this flag Fight for freedom til my last breath As if dust in strong wind I disappear Remember to be proud of me What if everything you know is just a made-up truth? Every word written in history are part of a big black lie We are not made from Adam’s rib; there’s no biblical God No more descendants from the ape, might be something else Premeditated cradle And so, We are Descendants from the stars Years of investigation can’t find the words to explain why we are so special What is the Human Race? Designed in laboratories light years away from here Imperfect masterpiece of alien architects So selfish to say that we’re alone in the space immensity We’re just an insignificant dot into the infinity Part of a bigger chain of life, massive master plan Maybe we are not a coincidence And someone else put the seed on Earth Premeditated cradle And so, We are Descendants from the stars Years of investigation can’t find the words to explain why we are so special What is the Human Race? Designed in laboratories light years away from here Imperfect masterpiece of alien architects Maybe wrong foundations of modern science The missing link is right before our eyes Years of investigation can’t find the words to explain why we are so special What is the Human Race? Designed in laboratories light years away from here Imperfect masterpiece of alien architects I pull, you push, it's something wicked Request, refused, an obscure menace Who wins? Who loses? Who is forgotten? No peace allowed, words are forbidden Trying to bury me alive; I ain't dead yet Like the devil's false compromise I am the source, you're the curse You rise, I fall. The root of evil I bet, you choose, perfect gamble I played your rules, judge and beholder You nailed your fingers deep inside the wounds Playing a dangerous tug of war Something is killing this world Running fast through its entrails Let's burn what sets us apart because nothing lasts forever Breaking our hearts made of stone, spitting words full of needles Let's burn what sets us apart and never say never First hunt, round two, clash of egos You tread my rope, lack of reason Like sharks on blood, dancing rhythmless The well of hope, struggle prison I nailed my fingers deep inside the wounds Playing a dangerous tug of war Something is killing this world Running fast through its entrails Let's burn what sets us apart because nothing lasts forever Breaking our hearts made of stone, spitting words full of needles Let's burn what sets us apart and never say never Tug of war rages on You crawl, I roll, we feed each other We've lost control, settled scores What's hate? What's love? What's the difference? Who's hunt? Who's the prey? How did this start? The noise silence, it resounds inside my head Like shattered glass against the wall Something is killing this world Running fast through its entrails Let's burn what sets us apart because nothing lasts forever Breaking our hearts made of stone, spitting words full of needles Let's burn what sets us apart and never say never They speak in the parliament with venomous words Infecting the future we fought for Poisoned weapons, their tongues cheat the world Assuring the wealth to the poor Serpents on parade Smash the serpents on parade Using religion to scare the masses Increasing the ashes in the tombs They give us promises when everything's lost Engaging our own self destruction Serpents on parade Smash the serpents on parade The rays of hope like light they fall into the black hole While they dictate a brand new law Proof of the power they hold The highest bidder buys the peace with dirty money fees It's time for us to take the throne Reaching liberty Serpents on parade Smash the serpents on parade Serpents on parade Smash the serpents on parade I can't believe the cynicism with that they tease The population feed the beast By voting every fucking time That is their legal trick No! The same old story that's been told Is getting bigger ever more No! We shall construct a better world Free of these evil overlords Serpents on parade Smash the serpents on parade Serpents on parade Smash the serpents on parade We don't expect you understand this life But that's the fuel that moves our engines This opportunity comes once in a lifetime Never regretting of what we've left behind Our passion is our backbone What makes us stand in line Hearts beating, spirits bleeding We are made of flesh and bones One direction, one straight path That's how we live our lives Waking up the fury we hold inside Thousands of miles we walked Rising after the falls We are free, we're wild, we are in this together We want it, and we need it Flying high and running slow We are wanderers forever Living in the road so far away from home Growing up one family all across the world Raze everything to the ground in our way Feeling as stronger as it was the first day Our passion is our backbone Our passion is our backbone What makes us stand in line Hearts beating, spirits bleeding We are made of flesh and bones One direction, one straight path That's how we live our lives Waking up the fury we hold inside Thousands of miles we walked Rising after the falls We are free, we're wild, we are in this together We want it, and we need it Flying high and running slow We are wanderers forever Thousands of miles we walked Rising after the falls We are free, we're wild, we are in this together We want it, and we need it Flying high and running slow We are wanderers forever Your tongue is always moving in a whirlwind Why don't you shut your mouth? I never had a chance to protest It's like my lips are stitched My life's in constant persecution All fingers point to me I'd like to act in retribution But something's stopping me I'm alone I clench my trembling fists so hard My nails are bleeding against the palms You probably never knew my name And I can't forget yours I'm just the man remaining down your rules Your mandatory laws Sometimes I wish I'd died instead of this I can't stand anymore Living in this world as someone's bitch It burns deep in the core I'm alone I clench my trembling fists so hard My nails are bleeding against the palms Take the pill and just forget it all I'm another grain of sand ashore Carving on a stone a faceless name Leave the memory 'cause I am the end man Screaming with muted voice, withstanding through agony Another haze, another shove, another kick, another blow That's all your game, my bloody role. I'm the end man Take the pill and just forget it all I'm another grain of sand ashore Carving on a stone a faceless name Leave the memory 'cause I am the end man I am the cannon fodder of this war An expendable toy Taking all your anger out on me I serve you for your joy Your brain is full of cryptic riddles Tidal wave on insanity An endless fight against yourself Your worst enemy I don't care what you have now to say, you sing the same old song I've been around since you were just a kid, when nobody gave a fuck It's so hilarious when I look at you walking in line like clones Where is the attitude? Where is the scene? Where is all that preach? Uh? I remember when all of this began, the fire in our hearts Learning hardly how to pick the tone, there were no easy shortcuts All those sparks still shining bright, they keep us alive Take this lesson: The faster you climb, the harder you will fall Ohhhhhhhhhh... Reaching the speed of light Ohhhhhhhhhh... Taking away what you forgot to hide Ohhhhhhhhhh... Reaching the speed of light Ohhhhhhhhhh... It doesn't matter who you are That's more than music, this is my life Such a huge important difference between you and me It's so easy to think before you speak, something I already did Talking, talking, but you're doing nothing! Say what you want You need a dose of humility straight into the vein Ohhhhhhhhhh... Reaching the speed of light Ohhhhhhhhhh... Taking away what you forgot to hide Ohhhhhhhhhh... Reaching the speed of light Ohhhhhhhhhh... It doesn't matter who you are That's more than music, this is my life You imply I am not worthy of this, of what I got What we defend, what we believe in. You are messing it up I ain't gonna tell you nothing else, you are a waste of time Talking bullshit about what music is. Get the fuck outta here! Ohhhhhhhhhh... Reaching the speed of light Ohhhhhhhhhh... Taking away what you forgot to hide Ohhhhhhhhhh... Reaching the speed of light Ohhhhhhhhhh... It doesn't matter who you are That's more than music, this is my life I've tried by all means to calm your thirst for blood I'm so tired. This stupid struggle has gone too far On and on you treated me like a homeless dog You pulled so hard to see what's at the end of the rope I own you nothing! Don't waste my time Talking to you is like walking on a minefield I served my head up on a plate of gold Wasting nights, sleepless hours, but who's fault? I was at my wit's end, stifling, dancing like a hanged man No one to untie me from my sins I own you nothing! Don't waste my time Talking to you is like walking on a minefield I hear you crawling, I've got nothing to lose Desperation turned my hopes to rust All that I lost, all tears I dropped won't be in vain When you'll be dead All the words I swore, all the salt you spit into my sores Turn back to freedom For years I put my confidence in you I never thought your treachery would be so cruel Saint and sinner, bleeder, acting like a marionette No one to free me from your strings I own you nothing! Don't waste my time Talking to you is like walking on a minefield I hear you crawling, I've got nothing to lose Desperation turned my hopes to rust All that I lost, all tears I dropped won't be in vain When you'll be dead All the words I swore, all the salt you spit into my sores Turn back to freedom I own you nothing! Don't waste my time But you owe me every minute that I spent on you Saint and sinner, bleeder, acting like a marionette Someone to free me from your strings I own you nothing! Don't waste my time Talking to you is like walking on a minefield I hear you crawling, I've got nothing to lose Desperation turned my hopes to rust All that I lost, all tears I dropped won't be in vain When you'll be dead All the words I swore, all the salt you spit into my sores Turn back to freedom Conspiracy. Large corporations dominate the lie What we can't see, are indeed (The) Revolutionary thoughts for a better life Cut the band that blinds our eyes (And) Realize there's something else Truth hurts. It is more comfortable to remain in ignorance Just believe what you see, what you read, never question what it means The yellow road is covered with blood, brick by brick it disappears Building up the untruth, more and more, distorting evidence Free the knowledge, break the walls of this crystal cell Fall into the rabbit hole - catch the hidden evolution Let the secrets be revealed, the truth must be told Fall into the rabbit hole - catch the hidden evolution Hypocrisy. It seems to be more profitable blocking up the progress As we can read, history was written in detriment of the human race Turn off your TV, think for yourself, freedom is at your fingertips Truth hurts. It is so easy way out to escape from ignorance Don't believe what you see, what you read, and always question what it means The yellow road is covered with blood, brick by brick it disappears Building up the untruth, more and more, distorting evidence Free the knowledge, break the walls of this crystal cell Fall into the rabbit hole - catch the hidden evolution Let the secrets be revealed, the truth must be told Fall into the rabbit hole - catch the hidden evolution Reality. Close down the unbreakable tower of lies The more you think, the more you see, unmask the real face under the veil Cut the band that blinds our eyes (And) Realize there's something else Truth hurts. It is so easy way out to escape from ignorance Don't believe what you see, what you read, and always question what it means The yellow road is covered with blood, brick by brick it disappears Building up the untruth, more and more, distorting evidence Free the knowledge, break the walls of this crystal cell Fall into the rabbit hole - catch the hidden evolution Let the secrets be revealed, the truth must be told Fall into the rabbit hole - catch the hidden evolution  It's time to decide whether we stand or run The darkest ages are back A dirty sketch of a Machiavellian plan Poisoned innocent blood Ain't just part of the conspiracy Global hunt of freedom of speech Destroying individual liberty Praise the master Welcome home Back to the cave of the wolves Sell your soul And you'll be lost in oblivion No remorse Just do what has to be done Let the black star fall Now on with the show! Sharpen the Guillotine People's fed up of being told to stay Comfortable in its cage Covering the squares with justice in red Give 'em what they deserve Build the wall that splits humanity Blood for blood is what they want you to spill They made you believe you are the enemy Feed the monster Welcome home Back to the cave of the wolves Sell your soul And you'll be lost in oblivion No remorse Just do what has to be done Let the black star fall Now on with the show! Sharpen the Guillotine Let's do this...Let's do this...Let's do this... Rolling heads celebrating democracy Five endless seconds to regret Hails to the executioner, fists in the air Power to the people Ain't just part of the conspiracy Global hunt of freedom of speech Destroying individual liberty Praise the master Welcome home Back to the cave of the wolves Sell your soul And you'll be lost in oblivion No remorse Just do what has to be done Let the black star fall Now on with the show! Sharpen the Guillotine You were the chosen one Left your will in darkness The sacred seal is shattered into pieces Like a crystal in my eye Your word is forsaken My heart betrayed by my own brother Arrogance...Compassion...Mistaken... Venomous...Confusion...Hatred Black! Lights out! Screaming shadows Fire! Burn down! Footbridge to the abyss You were my brother! A cold blade swung above my head as I was watching over you The wheel of faith is in perpetual motion Your eyes gave you away, I let myself be fooled by you Your treachery will last forever As I saw your life decline your view of passion Blinded by your thirst of power Vanity came to its demise Flawless destruction A face with empty eyes Black! Lights out! Screaming shadows Fire! Burn down! Footbridge to the abyss You were my brother! A cold blade swung above my head as I was watching over you The wheel of faith is in perpetual motion Your eyes gave you away, I let myself be fooled by you Your treachery will last forever Black! Lights out! Screaming shadows Fire! Burn down! Footbridge to the abyss You were my brother! A cold blade swung above my head as I was watching over you The wheel of faith is in perpetual motion Your eyes gave you away, I let myself be fooled by you Your treachery will last forever A cold blade swung above my head as I was watching over you The wheel of faith is in perpetual motion Your eyes gave you away, I let myself be fooled by you Your treachery will last forever In the beginning God set a plan to rule the Earth with an iron fist Burning skies above a sea of blood And God said: Let there be darkness, Let the light die under the veil Let there be a vault between the fires, bound eternally Fateful toll of the false bell, indoctrinate And God said: Let the fires teem with evil creatures, cruel spawns Let us make man in our image, in our likeness, to serve as slaves Greatness, made of bone and flesh. Reverence Don't pray. Don't adore. No words can save your soul The way to salvation: Destroy the ministry of God No fear. No qualm. No words will change what's done The way to redemption: Eradicate the ministry of God. And God said: I condemn you to breed and increase in number. I deprive you of your will, victims of the faith, subject of the dread Sightless. Fear and death for sale. Cutthroat Don't pray. Don't adore. No words can save your soul The way to salvation: Destroy the ministry of God No fear. No qualm. No words will change what's done The way to redemption: Eliminate the ministry of God. Liars, industry of hate. Ruthless. Don't pray. Don't adore. No words can save your soul The way to salvation: Destroy the ministry of God No fear. No qualm. No words will change what's done The way to redemption: Eliminate the ministry of God. Like a song from purgatory Endless frightening vibe Sing a melody for the twisted ones Growling silently this useless burden Ready to burn Feel adrift like a wingless eagle The hum...the watch...it's true... a secret to disclose Mind control, straight ahead into the precipice of haze Drive to the unknown, a safe path through the darkest of your psyche Disciple of the void Like a ghost in the cemetery Roams across the scum Hidden facts evidentiary Pulling firmly the strings of madness Behind the scene The devil's in the details The hum...the watch...it's true...a secret to disclose Mind control, straight ahead into the precipice of haze Drive to the unknown, a safe path through the darkest of your psyche Disciple of the void No answers, trapped souls screaming into nothingness Falling endlessly into a dreary hole Damnation. Wrapped by the black arms of the unknown The sense of freedom is suffocating Like a ravenous parasite Living off the host Dementia is taking over You can't hide, can't run from this gust neverending maze Surrender to insanity The hum...the watch...it's true...a secret to disclosure Mind control, straight ahead into the precipice of haze Drive to the unknown, a safe path through the darkest of your psyche Disciple of the void Silence, indifference, guilty as charged Becoming one, justice and wrath Bloodshed, how ignorance begets more violence Part of the crime, sentenced to death Life or grave chosen in haste Between the wolf and its prey Don't move a finger, God forbid! Sadness and corruption, abuse of power The land you claim belongs to no one Fairness, zero tolerance with the intolerant Protected by the welfare state Flan-waving, false patriots behold the downfall of the nation Reserve a first class seat for the electric chair Your contribution to improve the human race Fascism and nacism march unpunished False patriots behold the downfall of the nation Traitors! What is wrong with this world today? The more you try the less they care Who waves the flag of originality? Judge and jury over everything I got all the reasons to remain in my position, what the hell is that which really triggers them to criticize? Even if they're blind they know what's wrong and what is right But stronger is my conviction when I look into their eyes See their faces of hipocrisy The shame they feel cause they're just "wannabes" Point a finger and laugh at them If you think this sucks...you're one of us! Fuck you! Can't you tell? The whole stage is indebted to us; we owe'em shit We took them outta mediocrity These chords cut with determination aliong the putrid flesh Trimminmg all the rotten roots that ate the tree away I got all the reasons to remain in my position, what the hell is that which redally triggers them to criticize? Even if they're blind they know what's wrong and what is right But stronger is my conviction when I look into their eyes See their faces of hypocrisy The shame they feel cause they're just "wannabes" Point a finger and laugh at them If you think this sucks...You're one of us! Let me admire the beauty of death To drown in the swirl of madness Let me embrace you with my misery Though I'll spread my ego first I will silence your heart beat Fall into the eternal sleep Join me in this feast of pain You will never feel alone again The mark will shine forever Serve the entrails with champagne A hundred times more addictive than cocaine Line the magic on a silver plate I want you dead, I need your blood To satisfy all my inner frays We've got no choice,let it be done For all the mortals the die is cast Let me absolve each of your sins Just the end will set us free let the storm melt into fearless waves Let me shelter you with bliss No more guilts inside your afflicted head Let the chaos find its peace Join us in the feast of pain Death is just a symptom of having lived The spell will last forever Leave the endless walk of shame Hell is empty. And all the demons are here Feel the plague infect your fluids. I want you dead. I need your blood To satisfy all my inner frays We've got no choice,let it be done For all the mortals the die is cast Let me carve your life of scarse As the snake devours its prey No sickened skin to wash Let me open up your mind The blind will lead the blind Let the shepherd guide your destiny Join me in this feast of pain You will never feeel alone again The mark will shine forever Serve the entrails with champagne A hundred times more addictive than cocaine Line the magic on a silver plate I want you dead, I need your blood To satisfy all my inner frays We've got no choice, let it be done For all the mortals the die is cast I want you dead, I need your blood To satisfy all my inner frays We've got no choice, let it be done For all the mortals the die is cast Wake up! This damn sweats soaks the bed again I can see but I can't move A faint mist dressed the room Caught up! A strange dead weight is on my chest Blurred images all around Increases the sense of gloom The smell of ancient terrors fills with a darkened atmosphere Her black coat gives off sorrow, and impure perfume, scented fear She touched my face with ice-cold fingers A horrid vision full of formless shapes She keeps vigil at my bedside place until the dream begins again Voices! Hissing shades hide in the obscurity No tick tock heard on the clock Time is gone and lost Freezing! My body shakes with electricity Anxiety has imprisoned me The evil shows its form The eyes of the departed stare like needles in my back Her tongue speaks no language, a muffled groan inside my head She takes the chance to rule my illusions A vague recall of reality The witching hour lasts eternally So let the dream begin again Walking through the dismal valley, through the abysmal dark Slave of a living nightmare, there's no end. No turning back Deep sunken eyes are watching The black mass takes its hold of me Her wrinkles, carved with fire, tell memories from a thousand lives She touched my face with ice-cold fingers A horrid vision full of formless shapes she keeps vigil at my bedside place Until the dream begins again She takes the chance to rule my illusions A vague recall of reality The witching hour lasts eternally So let the dream begin again Life is hard to understand When the fortune plays its game The good guys leave, the bad ones stay I watch your eyes fading away And your voice whispers my name One last time to hold your hand Calm down and sleep, calm down and sleep Break free from reality The bond became so special It will never disappear One last effort pushes the will and draws a smile on your face Overcoming all the strain Even fighting to find the way To make it through another day Through the darkness, through the pain Calm down and sleep, calm down and sleep Break free from reality The bond became so special It will never disappear We all got dues in life to pay But it wasn't your time yet Until we meet again farewell, my friend Nothing lasts forever, it's a fact of life But no mother should have to bury a son An eternal memory will shine through But no father should have to mourn the loss Calm down and sleep, calm down and sleep Break free from reality The bond became so special It will never disappear We all got dues in life to pay But it wasn't your time yet Until we meet again farewell, my friend. You never knew the truth but, we're all already dead When the song of revolution turns into a mere sketch The fight against the big corporations is nothing more than a sea of sand Tolerated persecutions by the workers themselves Back to old Chicago Martyrs Light among the shadows Justice A forceful struggle Get back, get back to old Chicago We are the threat of the nation, we re the fueled fire We are the feared free ones, convicted for life The needed spark that will light the wick of dignity Together we are invincible, divided we fall Back to old Chicago Martyrs Light among the shadows Justice A forceful struggle Get back, get back to old Chicago I saw my brothers fall from grace, I can't remain impassive Find your bravery deep inside, let's fight, it's now or never Dry your tears,you poor slaves, rise, encourage yourselves Overthrowing the thievery system, make the world a better place There is still a burning flame inside our hearts we must obey Let's shout out loud and clear now Long live the first of may! Back to old Chicago Martyrs Light among the shadows Justice A forceful struggle Get back, get back to old Chicago Si vis pacem...Parabellum! It's not too late to realize Keep breathing, above the sands of time Do something for your children to be proud 'Cause all you do in life will trace your future I saw my brothers fall from grace, I can't remain impassive Find your bravery deep inside, let's fight, it's now or never  If I was a bird in your hand Longing for a new Fairyland You've opened up my door You've set me free Always would return to your hand If I was a Pearl on the Ground Only deep blue Sea all around But you would find my Light You'll rescuse me One day, when all my calls will resound But if I was a Flash in your Daydream One Day you'll see my Sign on your way I turn the sky to dive into your dreams I'd turn the sky to fall into your dreams A million times for you I hope, I beg and pray for you A million times for you I hope, I beg and pray for you If I was a Tear on your Face Fallen like a Star lost in Space I crossed your Galaxy a hundred times To fall asleep inside your Embrace But if I was a Flash in your Daydream One Day you'll see my Sign - I will wait I wait I stare into Space I'm in your Mind now I did grieve you somehow I stare into you Will you bear more Pain? I know your Thoughts Drive me Insane I close my Eyes Alone in my Room There is no silence in my head I try to see the Truth The way I loose We're on the way Back in the moment now "Ich seh' in Deinem Herz Deine Gedanken. Ein Blick in Deine Welt. Ich fühl' Deinen Schmerz. Die Zeit ist verloren. Der Augenblick - der unsere Träume erhält. Girl of 16 Whole life ahead of her Slashed her Wrists Bored with Life Didn't succeed Thank the Lord For small mercies Fighting back the Tears Mother reads the Note again 16 Candles burn in her Mind She takes the Blame It's always the same She goes down On her Knees And prays I don't want to start Any blasphemous Rumours But I think that God's Got a sick sense of humour And when I die I expect to find him laughing Girl of 18 Fell in Love with everything Found new life In Jesus Christ Hit by a Car Ended up On a Life Support Machine Summer's Day As she passed away Birds were singing In the Summer Sky Then came the Rain And once again A tear fell From her Mother's Eye Otium cum dignitate Otium cum dignitate Otium Sun shines bright My heart is laughing I'm happy What I do is nothing A light heart Otium cum dignitate Otium cum dignitate Otium A light heart Worries have to be driven far away Only love can bright your day Waft yourself to regions of stars and light It's shimmer still beams clear and bright With my childlike heart And trusting mind I'm glad about and blithely What I find A light heart Worries have to be driven far away Only love can bright your day Waft yourself to regions of stars and light It's shimmer still beams clear and bright At night I send a request to your heart My hope is gone it tears my dreams apart I lay my head now down to sleep The time is now to find out what I need I loose my way, I journey far On roads of heaven fills with love My guardian angels preach to my heart Follow the moonbeam and the spark Another time Another place A better time to make it something true Another life Another love I wish my dreams come true, what can I do I loose my way, I journey far On roads of heaven fills with love My guardian angels preach to my heart Follow the moonbeam and the spark There's something inside me That pulls beneath the surface Consuming, confusing This lack of self-control I fear Is never ending Controlling... I can't seem To find myself again My Walls are closing in I've felt this way before To find myself again My Walls are closing in I've felt this way before So insecure Crawling in my skin These Wounds, they will not heal Fear is how I fall Confusing what is real Discomfort, endlessly Has pulled itself upon me Distracing, reacting Against my will I stand Beside my own reflection It's haunting how I can't seem... To find myself again My Walls are closing in I've felt this way before To find myself again My Walls are closing in I've felt this way before So insecure Colder than Ice The World falls apart Cold like a Stone The spell on the Souls Colder than ice Your hand on my Heart A world made of stone Let tenderness freeze Save the Fairyland we live in Where all failings are forgiven Feel like hunted by a Griffin I fall down Straight down Save the Fairyland we live in Where my failings are forgiven Feel like hunted by a Griffin I'm falling straight down Catch my Daydream Catch my Fall Colder than Ice Night all around Cold like a stone The Heart of success Wasteland of Ice We fall to the Ground A World made of Stone Let Tenderness freeze Falling down Falling down Catch me When I'm falling down Please come to me... Why cry all the people Staring at the sky? Listen to the Preachermen who prophesies Angels lost their light Can't give us a new dawn. A kingdom of no faith and hope is born One light will tear apart the night Bringing back a newborn sun One light will tear apart the night Bringing back a newborn sun Why die all the angels Guarding our light? Lost inside the maze of Everlasting night. People broke their heart with bombs and guns and greed Shaped a desert based on hate and need Why cry all the angels Staring at the rain? Watching all the children Who got fathers cane Won't we ask that god Do harmony on earth That peace and love and hope our hearts reserve. My steps within three feet elsewhere They say: don't dare, don't leave that square My will, their will, can move, stand still My part, no heart, I must fulfill Like a rising Monster All veiled in grey See the walls of Dawn They warn you of the day Come back my dream Into my Arms Into my Arms Their will, my will, just act, don't feel Their kind, my kind, brought me to heal Accused of something, nothing all alone I had to bang the nails into my head The guilty one I sit at home Look out my window Snow all around I hear a sweet sound I see Santa Claus Dream of a sleigh ride And angels sing a song Tonight your eyes shine like a Christmas dream Silent night you've found your way to me Eyes shine like a Christmas dream Your light inside my heart Inside your smile My world is turning Sweet scent abounds All candles burning You paint the Christmas stars On painted heaven And angels sing a song Tonight your eyes shine like a Christmas dream Silent night you've found your way to me Eyes shine like a Christmas dream Your light inside my heart Tonight your eyes shine like a Christmas dream Silent night you've found your way to me Eyes shine like a Christmas dream Your light inside my heart  I heard it from my friends About the things you said I heard it from my friends About the things you said But they know me better than that They know me better than that They know my weaknesses I never tried to hide them They know my weaknesses I never denied them I heard it from my friends About the things you said I heard it from my friends About the things you said How can view become so twisted How can view become so twisted They know my weaknesses I never tried to hide them They know my weaknesses You tried them I get so carried away You brought me down to earth I thought we had something precious Now I know what it's worth I heard it from my friends About the things you said I heard it from my friends About the things you said I've never felt so disappointed Never felt so disappointed They know my weaknesses I never tried to hide them They know my weaknesses Thought that you liked them They know me better than that I´m standing at the roadside - I´m the grass Observing frightend amazed the whole world the sky is clear, sometimes falls rain on me Migratory birds fly southbound I look up to the cars are rolling past I try to look inside of one´s (at) last A little child weeps bitter painful tears I try to understand - what she feels I fall down - she is crying on And I know - I´m alone Suddenly comes a thunderstorm In the dark I try to find home I feel in these arms of mine It´s in my own right No one cries I know in these arms of mine No one hurts let it shine I feel good- no more pain for sure And I know I´m secure I find home- despite the darkest night In my own right shines a light I feel in these arms of mine It´s in my own right No one cries I know in these arms of mine No one hurts You let it shine I´m standing at the roadside - I´m the grass Observing frightend amazed the whole world People run away and don´t look back But even in their eyes you see the wrong track People lost their dreams they´re not as right as rain And even in their eyes you sense the pain Run away and your dreams will fade away Believe in you it´s easier to stay Run away and you will never find the end Your fears will fade away when you will stay People live their life they take on challenges Even in their eyes you see no fear People live their dreams they are as right as rain And even in their eyes there is no pain I feel the emptiness Inside my soul so cold I fight against my tears I`m crying silent hold me hold my hand and take me to my Innermost there where I can remember what I feel now deeper to my soul myself to the Innermost where I remember what I feel I loose my balance now inside of me guide me I fight against the pain for the salvation heal me Flying leaves everywhere Gliding feathers in the air And I know I will fly hold my hand and take me to my Innermost there where I can remember what I feel now deeper to my soul myself to the Innermost where I remember what I feel Hypnotised I hear a dark voice I feel dazed I have no choice Days gone by I feel I`m weightless I have lost my mind And I still (start to) Fly Trust me now my angel You`re what I made - You can`t escape Dreams pass by Regain consciousness Sensetive to pain But I still Fly Trust me now my angel You`re what I made - You can`t escape Don`t lead me back I`m feeling high, let me still fly If blood will flow when flesh and steel are one Drying in the colour of the evening sun Tomorrow's rain will wash the stains away But something in our minds will always stay On and on the rain will fall Like tears from a star like tears from a star Perhaps this final act was meant To clinch a lifetime's argument That nothing comes from violence and nothing ever could For all those born beneath an angry star Lest we forget how fragile we are On and on the rain will fall Like tears from a star like tears from a star On and on the rain will say How fragile we are how fragile we are On and on the rain will fall Like tears from a star like tears from a star On and on the rain will say How fragile we are how fragile we are How fragile we are how fragile we are Waiting for a pitch-black night Where Angels do fall down The place where kings have lost their heads And the desert hate a town Where our hearts were grazing Where I plant There I plant a maple tree With my own hands Everyone cares each day In life and farewell Behind the sky I care for you Everyone cares each day Cause life means farewell Behind the sky I´m guarding you Waiting for a blood-red dawn Where angels bleed for you I´m watching you beyond the sky I´m longing for a new A new life in your cold world Where I plant Where I plant a tree for you With my own hands Everyone cares each day In life and farewell Behind the sky I care for you Everyone cares each day Cause life means farewell Behind the sky I´m guarding you I couldn't lie in my bed I was lost in fear of death Couldn't find a way to sleep The abyss ahead was dark and deep But someone - then opened my mind made me able to fly with time - ahead the stranger was holding my hand and I could see the rebirth of a land On the eve of our doomsday I fell in love in a stronger way the magic creature from deepest space gave me safety and hope for a better future place I couldn't lie in my bed I was lost in fear of death Couldn't find a way to sleep The abyss ahead was dark and deep But someone - then opened my mind made me able to fly with time - ahead the stranger was holding my hand and I could see the rebirth of a land On the eve of our doomsday I fell in love in a stronger way the magic creature from deepest space gave me safety and hope for a better future place On the eve of our doomsday I fell in love in a stronger way The lovely stranger from a distant place gave me safety and hope for a better future place On the eve of our doomsday I fell in love in a stronger way The lovely stranger from deepest space gave me safety and hope for a better future place Stories of old And lost generations Tell about princes Saving the weak Community was People's salvation Creating the heroes Protecting the weak All we own is this handsome world All we have is this fragile world All these treasures we're saving All our lives we'll stay craving Stories of old For new generations Together we're stronger than war We'll climb every mountain We all have the same hot red blood Drink from the same fountain All we own is this handsome world All we have is this fragile world All these treasures we're saving All our lives we'll stay craving doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo .... All we own is this handsome world All we have is this one small world We´ll always create perfect human We´re always form decent results Seperate the DNS killing our tenderness Cloned people exist and run A finest selection health and strong exemplary locked and secure … they were consciously manufactured They are so real and all so nice Appreciate weight and price They are divided into pieces here a lever, there a heart Who said we were humans Lord-Why does it happen?  Rise Wake up and look around, step by step, piece by piece. The construction will be synchronized to build this artifact, let the anger go out, let fear become anger. Welcome to this construction,the anger machine shall rise. THE ANGER MACHINE SHALL RISE “Sometimes to create one must first destroy” Living with this, with this disease. I don't care about me, don't care about you. The only reason that keeps me going is to see them dead. They sicken me with their lies, their shits. Now look what I do… You’re there wondering, without understanding and I'm here walking alone Tonight I'll kill them all. I swear! I don't care if I die in the attempt I know I'm alone after all and certainly I will die The killing is because it's the only solution I see Shut your damn mouth, I will cut off your throat I'll have no mercy, I'll have no conscience or remorse Tomorrow will be recalled when on my knees.. I fell after them Now I remember your words ”A thousand may fall at your side, ten thousand at your right hand, but it will not come near you.” But you left me alone! why you left me alone? Tonight I'll kill them all!! Submission, negation: the fears of our nation Explosion, destruction: the codes of the solution Submission is to let the shit explode in your face I always see people sitting on conformism It’s just a matter of time. Disorder and disgrace are in every place. Their spirits still crying in the streets, drowning in blood that shouldn't be spilled The game will change at this time. Now the shed blood runs through our hands! Stand up and fight, make a code by which to die! Make to pay everyone who ignore your codes. Stand up and fight, this is the unbroken rule! It’s their evil and corrupt that will be punished by us. Watching me down, crushing me inside. I’m still running from me. Waiting behind shades of my darkest days want see me break down Is easy to settle, is harder still in battle, more when from deep inside they push you into a hole. But I need to get up stop dragging my bloody knees. GO! Easy is the way to my death, Step by step, coated of doubts. I need to fight and rise up my life. City lights go down on my back and I can't longer stand up I need to fight and rise up my life. (Raising my life, raising my life) "We weren't born to hate, we are a reflection of your action in us. But if you want hatred... we will give you hate" Death will be no concern bodies embedded and enhanced by advances The irreparable disease of bodily disintegration has come to an end We are in another place, we are prepared to change We are the future for the human race You can trust in me, and now can you see abandon your god and create yourself. Technology in your hands, we commit our bodies we are all waiting for singularity. Technology in your hands, we commit our bodies away away from humanity Transhumanism for the God’s disease Once again it’s hard for me to see what I find Or in fact it’s hard to recognize what I see A little piece of hate, Only full of pain, and many words to say I have to try to put the pieces together I have to try to had again the other parts Inside of me there is not any saint place, don’t try to say what I’m thinking Inside of me there is a throne of lies, but my crown was somebody else Its hard to see, to find the border line. I’m insane or mad. Every time I try to join the pieces, I break in parts At sometime I’ll find the pieces to realign Every time I choose to destroy the pieces, I fall apart Time to die, every second counts to try to say goodbye And your memory stills Carrying me, carrying me, carrying me down We've been cornered into our fear Thinking that we would be asleep and silenced want to keep us locked up as weak animals. They think that they will keep us quiet and static and we stand by waiting for the moment this is over? We were born to transform this situation now! We are the army that's always rejected by god rejected because we achieve our end by shedding blood! Shedding blood! Shedding blood! Fucking us day to day our lives. And we stand by waiting for the moment this is over? Can't you see that this doesn’t work for more? This is about to explode! Flags of fear they'll rise up! The dismembered bodies look at us from below Flags of fear we'll do them to raise! when they feel our mortal blow and nothing will be the same. Nothing remains when we move forward Looking back we will hear the silence is heard when death swept with all You want fear? I'M FEAR You want chaos? I'M CHAOS You want a new beginning? I AM THE NEW BEGINNING! Make me what I am Logic algorithms by my veins It's on my DNA... Cyber-implanted hate. Compile my assembly and build me again. Free me from this curse. Depure all my bugs. I'm a fucking virus infecting everything with my bytes of hate on my DNA. I try substances I try dopamine I try to kill all the fucking pain But I just can't! So I set free this hate, these bites of hate. The hate on my DNA! And I will fucking rape you. And I will fucking kill you and then kill my self I can’t control the damn voices.  It's totally psychological Motherfucker It's totally psychological Motherfucker Hate and war and blind despair Tell me you love me Tears and screams and unholy fears Tell me you love me I want you to look at me Tell me you love me Tell me you love me We're not indestructible We're not indestructible Pride and lust and selfish greed Bow your head and pray raw meat Grind my soul on your city street Black spine snake crack Fetal facial moral plaque Scientific mutilation diplomatic falsehood nation Movie world horror king star of saviour play on pain Instrumental souls insane I want you to look at me Tell me you love me We're not indestructible We're not indestructible Born into a hazy crossfire The end result of innocence and ignorance Flesh and blood cure for emotional strife Vision obscured by a soft skin curtain Torn and ripped youth in a glass case Convinced of divinity afflictions for attributes Living out of body life crippled cub for crippled life Vision obscured by a soft skin curtain Window to reality shrouded soft skin curtain Torn and ripped battle lost Casualties ignored, ignorance victorious Minority whored behind cold stone front There lived one who cried He feels like a man, he feels like a child He feels like a doll, he feels like a living Dead thing, empty and dry lying soaked in the rain Drowning in lonely tears, dreaming of living Searching, exploring Lost in a bottomless whole Expecting, directing Disappointed in the world as a whole Healing, feeling Learning to accept those wholes Living, loving Living life as a whole To live and fly Breathe the clouds Sleep with the stars Know answers why Soft skin curtain Window to reality No longer clouded Soft skin curtain Torn and ripped Away Hey I saw your mouth on, another's face It told me sweet secrets and reminded me of the taste Of your skin upon my lips But it's been so long I reach out but you're not there I try to hang on but you're not there It's just a scarecrow of emotion Heartfelt emotion splattered on my floor A blackened bloodied pool to drown in I'm tortured by the lack of you A screaming silence I'm trying to fight Living life alone in a tortured midnight It's just another turn of the screw Too painfully true As I become filled with you My face and skull burst and bloomed We became the nighttime sky Flooded with millions of years of starlight As I am without your touch My heart falls to my feet And drags over the ground With every step I take It gathers every bit of dirt Every grain of sand Every and that can becomes full of the flesh of my soul This is nothing compared to the absence of you God kissed me on my mouth And blessed me with the tempest of you It's just another turn of the screw Washing ashore and withdrawing again I'm the sea I'm a starving cripped dog Waiting to draw my last hot dusty breath Without you It's just another turn of the crew Emptiness became my house Black cracked sight my line to life I dreamt of angels and lightning flash And cool, cool rain to wash my mind Innocence seemed so far from home I'd wish to rest in a bed of flowers But hot black sands are where I'd lay Bathed in the black of night Eyes awash in a sea of starlight The cold quick winds of God Blow through my soul The fable of time no longer blinds Without body judged only by mind I long for the life a child might know Then Golden touch my heart becomes whole Bathed in the black of night Eyes awash in a sea of starlight The cold quick winds of God Blow through my soul I long for the life a child might know Then Golden touch my heart becomes whole Now Golden light shows me angels Golden warmth comforts my flesh Golden words ease my mind I'm complete with Golden time My heart hungers for life Flesh blood and fire Soul contact soul thunderstorm choir Golden soul bright Charged with the light Set my soul afire With a new strength To forge a new road A road so much higher Soul contact soul thunderstorm choir Golden soul bright Charged with the light My heart hungers for life Flesh blood and fire Now I touch Golden The black world blooms Brilliant colors drown my body And life becomes real Every drop of rain known Never let it end I stand naked without walls Never let it end My soul touched by another Never let it end And when ants so feast upon flesh And the world's turned me inside out I need a place to lay. my head Peace seems so far away I dream of Golden times And reach for Golden, Golden fire Bathed in the black of night Eyes awash in a sea of starlight The cold quick winds of God Blowing through my soul The fable of time no longer blinds Without body, judged only by mind I'd wish to rest in a bed of flowers But hot black sands are where I'd lay With black cracked sight my line to life I dreamt of angels and lightning flash And cool, cool rain to wash my mind Innocence seemed so far from home I long for the life a child might know Then Golden touch my heart becomes whole My heart becomes whole Golden I've got a hot white burning inside That time only feeds my minds Only need I add you fuel To my fire my flames burn higher and higher Shaking, Shaking, Shaking I feel my body aching Into the whole down deep in my soul I shrink into my faking The day grows nearer And passes like an angry cat That sat I feel upon my back And its claws run through my tears See is what I feel again See is what I feel again I've the taste of dry sand in my mouth The grit can feel my teeth run white But will I ever find the future? If t can't forget about the past? Lies away I feed your hungry head You need it, you slimy black space Leave alone the things I say Lies away I cease to explain no more Your hungry head pleads for more My body needs the touch of a hand To soothe my shaking I feel my body aching Can you soothe my need? It's what I want, it's what I want? Please turn around Oh but tomorrow is mine Bright sky blue Who now fades too Frames birds on the wing Whose sweet songs too sad so sing Now only an echo in my mind As sky fades to black I wonder if he'll ever be back And if we had ears to hear Would we act out of fear Or could we realize We often grew up believing lies Deafened I couldn't hear that birdsong Singing truth simple and strong My eyes blinded By selfish complications Bright sky blue Will my children's children ever know you Those birds on the wing Have a song they need to sing To their children and my children too It's a song of truth Unpolluted by time or tongue It's a song that tells Of all being one If you can get past your fear It's a song you should hear Deafened I could not hear that birdsong Singing truth simple and strong Blind I could not see that birdsong Singing truth simple and strong Lost in a cold dark garden alone My only company Night blooming dementia Bittersweet blossom bloom of madness The sharp knife in the mind Kills the devil in the soul The sun's light blotted out Skies filled with savage black birds Devouring creation, devouring my heart My soul, a multitude starving Like the dawn of creation We awaken to a new day A day of confronting reality That dark satin veil, pierced Cold steel poles to invade my flesh Felicity burned by the red hot Fiery coals of desire The white hot sun burning Like the eye of God watching The sharp knife in the mind Kills the devil in the soul The dark satin veil pierced That cold steel finger in my brain Just may bring peace On sunshine days When we cast no shadow And the heat's baked our mind Into lonely submission Then is when we realize Something as thin as the web of a spider Holds us back from Ordinary madness Sinking in a sea of emptiness, alone A solitude, an isolation, to living men unknown Shadows of memories dance across my mind Just beyond reach with the passing of time Searching with blinded eyes For a truth that once was Feeling so alive My mortality I deny Shadows of memories Dance across my mind Now totally lost to the ghost of remembrance No tears can I cry to quench the thirst of suffering Looking on life as the altar with a saddened familiarity Only now in madness can I see the simplicity Silence of loneliness roars in my ears My own heartbeat rhythm I've grown to fear Seven times eternity I'm sentenced this living death Grief and agony multiply with each and every breath Blackness of space, vast space of time To richness of life, my heart now blind Memories of the past now torture my mind Suffering for eternity no rest in dying On stone ears fall my cries Shadows of memories dance across my mind Now barely able to bring me to another time A time taken as something owed Looking back I wish I'd chosen a different road Now totally lost to the ghost of remembrance No tears can I cry to quench the thirst of suffering Each pain filled moment alone another black Cross to bear Silence the loneliness roars in my ears On stone ears fall my cries Lost in a blur of psychostatic Electro info windstorm manic A philosophy a way of life Sold in a smile evangeliphile Soothing pulsation mindnumbing relief Pablum for masses in a cathode ray bile Neon holographic wonderland lies Reflected in millions of unsuspecting eyes Synapse overload experience of the future Electrical misfire distort minds eye feature Radio wave cataclysm perception molester Thought breaking tele-message messiah of the future We've become message receiver mutated creature Corporate faker and multi-national whores Profess social rules and cultural mores The foulness of spoiled flesh and viscidity Reflect neo-Marshall cornucopial dream idiocy Drowning in a sea of psychostimulation Damned to thing thought death in a supersonic communication nation A cunning and wicked disease Spread by a virus of ignorant pleas From Father McLuhan The future is born Is there any shelter From this schizophrenic storm Transistorized thought patterns Television tube sight Minds become captive Bound by radio wave might Message receiver mutated creature So this ain't the end I saw you again today I had to turn my heart away You smiled like the Sun Kisses for everyone And tales it never fails! You're lying so slow in the weeds I bet you gonna ambush me You'd have me down on my knees Barracuda Back over time we were all trying for free You met the porpoise and me No right or wrong you're selling a song a name Whisper game And if the real thing don't do the trick You better make up something quick You gonna bum to the wick Barracuda Sell me sell you the porpoise said Dive down deep now save my head You, I think that you got the blues too All that night and all the next Swam without looking back Made for the western pools, silly fools In between worlds of white and black Lies a world of gray Beneath the sour born showering down It's time on me A thin sharp slice of dime Pushed gently into my heart Time after time after time after time after time Standing vacant behind myself Looking through empty eyes Icy cold black fullness in my bowels Aching for release Splash upon the pavement For the consumption of humanity My soul my humility Your only bread Something inborn in me that will not leave Standing vacant behind myself Looking through empty eyes And he was a betrayer he was a betrayer And he was a fool he was a fool And she was a bitch she was a bitch And he came to stand for you I lay with you I crept inside you I became night with you We were empty we became full We were empty we became full Driving wheel big black diamond back 69 wire burns Cosmo shoulder Red hot wire pierce smooth white bone-holder Smoky cold shadows of those not there Cast upon cold stone wall Broken down by devil stare Driven beyond threshold of mortal dare Seminal fluid life like man Driving the life of a dead white man Driving, driving, driving Teased to sublime defeat Feast upon horrid rancid spirit meat You dirt drive, septic seven thigh Shallow, yellow, stabbed nine high Sickly, evil, pathetically cracked black blind Eye  Miles away You're heading for the unknown and there's no way to get back Time to complain Nobody is telling the truth To live in the crowd sick of my own vanity Dead scattered petals around Hymns of betrayal calling you back for attack Evil warning Grown fast, too high so sorry Ends up the time To cry and feel the pain In the morning start up the fight so lonely... with no fore-sight until another day! Run, don't wait the sun, ride down the hill Don't look behind the evil crimes are chained Until the end! Evil warning Grow fast, too high, so sorry ends up the time to cry and feel the pain Run, don't wait for the sun, ride down the hill Don't look behind the evil crimes are chained Until the end! Don't let your pride make your blood flow in vain Until the end... This time I wanna know what life means... ...to live it again looking forward, feel the light into my eyes... And now I know, my instincts wasn't wrong, and many things can be made I don't believe now, 'Cause I'm dreaming alone Oh, it's hard to find the love that everyone's got, but can't see (yeah) Oh, beyond the flesh and blood there's so much hidden behind there's so much more we've gotta be Sanity brings up the sadness and keeps your illusions locked in a little box Fright comes, you find yourself lonely in a cage of conclusions crowding your mind Love like they're bowing your head, every answer - yes Why do you trust me and scream out your fears, Running over the tears you've contained now cover up your eyes, - Is that good for you? And I will be here when fire burns!... Welcome on board over here is the ship of your life So rotten that will cast away I'll be your sweet lullaby all night And if you fall and never wake up... And I'll be here when fire burns (inside your heart) Climb up the hills and mountains, don't forget what you've learned! Life make us feel the time we cannot hold Time make us live a tale already told Time make us heal the feeling inside the feeling inside of our hearts and we steal away... I'll be here when fire burns (inside your heart) Climb up the hills and mountains, don't forget what you've learned! Life make us feel the time we cannot hold Time make us live a tale already told Life make us heal the feeling inside the feeling inside of our hearts and we steal away Rainy clouds covered up the sunny sky now I know I'll sleep alone tonight tears and prays will be taken by the rain And the loneliness in my dreams And I know I'll never be the same living this tragedy, insane, All I wanna be is to be free with you, with me I don't blame the fate but it's too hard to face the truth It was all just like paradise just like we wanted to be far beyond the reason rest our lives eternity denies the guilt of reality senselessness Fly high, reaching skies to eagles trying to be free moments of madness will be left behind the same horizon but in different lands... Out for several times Now you gave back Nothing changed around This world insists to be the same Surely by our faults The flowers fade along the way Sight of blinding eyes And now we just became the law Of a non-sense life Follow my steps and you'll be sent To unknown ways you never went Need nothing else than your own strength to be there Now you have to face another day You won't try alone This living forces us to stay For how long? Cold is the night and fear rides As a storm overflows But can't you watch, I'm by your side We'll be marching out! Follow my steps and you'll be sent To unknown ways you never went Need nothing else than your own strength So, carry on, There's a meaning for life Maybe someday we can find... Carry on, it's time to forget Remains of past, to carry on Follow my steps and you'll be sent To unknown ways you never went Need nothing else than your own strength to be there So, carry on, There's a meaning for life Maybe someday we can find... Carry on, it's time to forget Remains of past Carry on, it's time to forget Remains of past, to carry on Remains of past, to carry on Remains of past! Awaken the crystal bells of sorrow Caught ourselves pretending our frustrations Were gone Once again, instead of facing the day We ran away; closed our eyes To keep leaning on feelings we had We were close Misty memories of a past come by And I'll write my pray On your face of hidden secrets Never shared, freezing soul Dreams last forever To the empress of the dark Lay down on eternity Your music in the air Great delight in the symphony Our dance will never end The Queen of the night The master of wisdom Pretending desires With the grace of thunder The Queen of the night The feast of illusion Pretending desires With the grace of thunder So, time is waiting now overload see weeping eyes left me alone Angels crying Back to the war Angels dying resting (?) their fall Try to wake, try to see this future is not what you wished it to be 'cause everyday seems the same to the whole mankind So why you keep on standing on these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow season won't end 'til the fine grain harvest come We're waiting for the down.. The change must come right now! Oh, stars are fading seeds now may grown begin of our lives Angels crying Back to the war Angels dying resting (?) their fall Try to wake, try to see this future is not what you wished it to be 'cause everyday seems the same to the whole mankind So why you keep on standing on these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow season won't end 'til the fine grain harvest come We're waiting for the down.. change must come right now! Angels are crying and dying only change your.. nobody shits when glimpse of your target lies behind you, Like steps of the pilgrims unshined! Before the rays of light Into a darkening bright Awaked up quiet and once again I try keep still, don't move And reason can't improve A purpose that fills up my veins Into the light I'm running Nobody turns to hear cries Climbing the highest peaks of pain A reason to stay Can't stand the pressure pot The Bibles that I've bought They told me I'd be free someday Maybe I'll just forget And someway won't expect This anger shadowing my nights Into a nightmare falling Somebody keeps me on high Staring with kindness, no domain A reason to stay Waiting up for the sun No matter if our lives were drawing with no fun Don't need you by my side to stick together on the ropes Why don't you get out my way, I've gotta go! Out on the wiley, windy moors We'd roll and fall in green You had a temper, like my jealousy Too hot, too greedy How could you leave me? When I needed to possess you I hated you, I loved you too... Bad dreams in the night, They told me I was going to lose the fight Leave behind my wuthering, wuthering, wuthering heights Heathcliff It's me, Cathy Come home, I'm so cold Let me in your window Oh, it gets dark, it gets lonely On the other side from you I pine a lot, I find the lot Falls through without you I'm coming back, love Cruel Heathcliff My one dream, my only master... Too long I roam the in night I'm coming back to his side to put it right I'm coming home to wuthering, wuthering, wuthering heights Heathcliff It's me, Cathy Come home, I'm so cold Let me in your window Oh, let me have it Let me grab away your soul away Let me grab away your soul away You know, it's me, Cathy...  Simple minded brain, For now you succumb Nothing changes your way This worlds insists to be the same Based on our mistakes The flowers fade along the road Don't blindfold your eyes, So loneliness becomes the law of a senseless life Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... Go! Now you have to face another day You won't be alone This life is forcing us to stay - for how long? Cold is the wind and thunder struck on a stormy night But can't you see, I'm by your side We are marching on! Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past, to carry on Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past, to carry on The remains from the past, to carry on The remains from the past... This time I wanna know what life means... ...to live it again I'm looking forward, feel the light shine in my eyes... And now I know, my instincts were not wrong, and many things can be done I don't believe now, That I'm dreaming alone Oh, we're searching for the love that everyone's got, but can't see (yeah) Oh, beyond the flesh and blood there's so much hidden behind as so much more we've gotta give... Sanity brings up the sadness that keeps your illusions locked in a little box Fright comes, you find yourself lonely in a cage of conclusions crowding your mind You sit back bowing your head, every answer - yes Why don't you trust me and shed out your fears, Running over the tears you've contained now cover up your eyes, - Is it good for you? I will be here when fire burns!... Welcome on board over here is the ship of your life So rotten that will cast away I'll be your sweet lullaby all the night And if you get lost you can hold my hand... And I'll be here when fire burns (inside your heart) Climb up the hills and mountains, don't forget what you've learned! Life make us feel the time we cannot hold Time make us live a tale already told Time make us heal a feeling inside a feeling that lies in your heart that we stole away... And I'll be here when fire burns (inside your heart) Climb up the hills and mountains, don't forget what you've learned! Life make us feel the time we cannot hold Time make us live (time make us live) a tale already told Time make us heal (time make us heal) a feeling inside a feeling that lies in your heart that we stole away... Cry in the night of the angel For their light will never shine With their hearts so full of sorrow Muddy waters all around The curtain falls for helpless souls How they suffer swept aside And the raging streams are flowing with so little hope inside (Is like) Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies (angry darkened skies) You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Oh, see the sun in the sky (from the dawn of destruction) Free, free this chain from my heart... (chain, chain, chain) Hear the cry of angels from this life you cannot hide The change may come tomorrow for the solemn weeping eyes (Like) Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies (angry darkened skies) You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Angels are crying and dying There must be some way endless you stray, still you pray for a better life Nobody sees when a glimpse of your target lies behind you, Like steps of the pilgrims unshined! Stand away the dreaded burning fire Will leave its mark for those with no desire Stand in front of the whole creation Face the people starved like worms Still I'm begging for comprehension From the ones who rules us all In this field the dying embers soil All around we mourn Oh, here they come again Now they're coming more aggressive Tearing down our only chances The stars can't find the purple sky Loneliness will find its reason treasured seed for every season Long for the day be back someday And the church Church is selling consolation killing Jesus for salvation Don't let us die Let me rest in peace Away, a while Our smile taken from The hearts of broken souls Stand away from the fire Destined by the fate Let those sinners pay how they steal For on the judgement day How they yield Stand in front of the whole creation Face the people starved like worms Still I'm begging for comprehension From the ones who rules us all On this field the dying embers soil All around we mourn Oh, here they come again (Now they're coming more aggressive Tearing down our only chances) The stars can't find the purple sky (Loneliness will find its reason treasured seed for every season) Long for the day be back someday And the church (Church is selling consolation killing Jesus for salvation] Don't let us die  Time to believe in the dream that you've seen In a world that is broken and mean One day the sun it will shine for us all Take the freedom that you have fore-seen... Miles away You're heading for the unknown and there's no way to get back Time to complain Nobody is feeling the truth To live in the crowd sick of your own vanity Dead scattered petals around Hymms of betrayal calling you for the attack Evil warning You're much too fast and much too high, No time to worry! It's over, no more remaining time to cry and feel the pain... In the morning You stagger up to start the fight, You get so lonely... With no fore-sight until another day! Run, don't wait for the sun cause it's setting on you hopes Don't look far behind for the shadows They still stands... until the end! Don't let your pride make your blood flow cold in vain... Until the end! Time to believe in the dream that you've seen In a world that is broken and mean One day the sun it will shine for us all Take the freedom that you have fore-seen... Time to believe in the dream that you've seen In a world that is broken and mean One day the sun it will shine for us all Take the freedom that you have fore-seen... Evil warning You're much too fast and much too high, No time to worry! It's over, no more remaining time to cry and feel the pain... Run, don't wait for the sun cause it's setting on you hopes Don't look far behind for the shadows They still stands... until the end! And don't let your pride make your blood flow could in vain... Until the end! Cry in the night of the angel For their light will never shine With their hearts so full of sorrow Muddy waters all around The curtain falls for helpless souls How they suffer swept aside And the raging streams are flowing with so little hope inside Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying Capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Oh, see the sun in the sky (From the dawn of destruction) Free, free this chain from my heart... Hear the cry of angels from this life you cannot hide The change may come tomorrow for the solemn weeping eyes Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying Capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Angels are crying and dying There must be some way endless you stray, still you pray for a better life Nobody sees when a glimpse of your target lies behind you, Like steps of the pilgrims unshined! Simple minded brain, For now you succumb Nothing changes your way This worlds insists to be the same Based on our mistakes The flowers fade along the road Don't blindfold your eyes, So loneliness becomes the law of a senseless life Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... Go! Now you have to face another day You won't be alone This life is forcing us to stay - for how long? Cold is the wind and thunder struck on a stormy night But can't you see, I'm by your side We are marching on! Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past, to carry on Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past, to carry on The remains from the past, to carry on The remains from the past... Out on the wiley, windy moors We'd roll and fall in green You had a temper, like my jealousy Too hot, too greedy How could you leave me? When I needed to possess you I hated, I loved you too... Bad dreams in the night, They told me I was going to lose the fight Leave behind my wuthering, wuthering, wuthering heights Heathcliff It's me, Cathy Come home, I'm so cold Let me in-a-your window Oh, it gets dark, it gets lonely On the other side from you I pine a lot, I find the lot Falls through withour you I'm coming back, love Cruel Heathcliff My one dream, my only master... Too long I roam the night I'm coming back to his side to put it right I'm coming home to wuthering, wuthering, wuthering heights Heathcliff It's me, Cathy Come home, I'm so cold Let me in-a-your-window Oh, let me have it Let me grab away your soul Oh, let me have it, Let me grab away your soul You know it's me, You know, yeah Heathcliff, It's me, Cathy Come home, I'm so cold Let me in-a-your window  Slavery kings run free again From their wounds a giant stands Four hundred years of glory Animals who speak and cry Destiny of craving sights Inside the dance of white domain Wheels turning round will feed the ground And women carry by their children with no life To future days belong the past But change the times Now millions cry out From away it comes... Freedom call Freedom overall to last forever No disgrace No more separate race We'll keep together 'till the end Awaken by the crystal bells of sorrow Caught ourselves pretending our frustrations Were gone Once again, instead of facing the day We ran away; closed our eyes To keep leaning on feelings we had We were close Misty memories of a past come by And I'll write my pray On your face of hidden secrets Never shared, freezing soul Dreams last forever To the empress of the dark Lay down on eternity Your music in the air Great delight in the symphony Our dance will never end The Queen of the night The master of wisdom Pretending desires With the grace of thunder The Queen of the night The feast of illusion Pretending desires With the grace of thunder Rainy clouds covered up the sunny sky now I know I'll sleep alone tonight tears and prays will be taken by the rain And the loneliness in my dreams And I know I'll never be the same living this tragedy, insane, All I wanna be is to be free with you, with me I don't blame the fate but it's too hard to face the truth It was all just like paradise just like we wanted to be far beyond the reason rest our lives eternity denies the guilt of reality senselessness Fly high, reaching skies to eagles trying to be free moments of madness will be left behind the same horizon but in different lands... Stand away the dreaded burning fire Will leave its mark for those with no desire Stand in front of the whole creation Face the people starved like worms Still I'm begging for comprehension From the ones who rules us all In this field the dying embers soil All around we mourn Oh, here they come again Now they're coming more aggressive Tearing down our only chances The stars can't find the purple sky Loneliness will find its reason treasured seed for every season Long for the day be back someday And the church Church is selling consolation killing Jesus for salvation Don't let us die Let me rest in peace Away, a while Our smile taken from The hearts of broken souls Stand away from the fire Destined by the fate Let those sinners pay how they steal For on the judgement day How they yield Stand in front of the whole creation Face the people starved like worms Still I'm begging for comprehension From the ones who rules us all On this field the dying embers soil All around we mourn Oh, here they come again The stars can't find the purple sky Long for the day be back someday And the church Don't let us die Rest in peace Let me rest in peace... Faster than a bullet Terrifying scream Enraged and full of anger He's half man and half machine Rides the Metal Monster Breathing smoke and fire Closing in with vengeance soaring high He is the Painkiller This is the Painkiller Planets devastated Mankind's on its knees A saviour comes from out the skies In answer to their pleas Through boiling clouds of thunder Blasting bolts fo steel Evils going under deadly wheels He is the Painkiller This is the Painkiller Faster than a lazer bullet Louder than an atom bomb Chromium plated boiling metal Brighter than a thousand suns Flying high on rapture Stronger free and brave Nevermore encaptured They've been brought back from the grave With mankind resurrected Forever to survive Returns from Armageddon to the skies He is the Painkiller This is the Painkiller Wings of steel Painkiller Deadly wheels Painkiller Three cliffs there stand High above where high winds howl Surrounding silence Three birds climb, then turn to fall Waiting for someday when the ocean and sky Will cover up the land in deep blue Renaissance is over and I wonder: - Should I always be the same once again? Take my hand and follow Sweeping trees, the coats of green Time has no place tomorrow Feel the good in endless dreams Waiting for someday when the ocean and sky Will cover up the land in deep blue Renaissance is over and I wonder: - Should I close my eyes and pray? - Always be the same? Waiting for someday when the ocean and sky Will cover up the land in deep blue Renaissance is over and I wonder: - Should I close my eyes and pray? - Feel like I've betrayed? - Always be the same? Cry in the night of the angel For their light will never shine With their hearts so full of sorrow Muddy waters all around The curtain falls for helpless souls How they suffer swept aside And the raging streams are flowing with so little hope inside Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying Capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Oh, see the sun in the sky Free, free this chain from my heart... Hear the cry of angels from this life you cannot hide The change may come tomorrow for the solemn weeping eyes Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying Capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Angels are crying and dying There must be some way endless you stray, still you pray for a better life Nobody sees when a glimpse of your target lies behind you, Like steps of the pilgrims unshined! White gold, a morning came Sunny cold, reflecting light Unknown songs Fresh water gush licks the line Sprinkling crowns of silence The face wet from the moistened dew Wind takes the sight Around the meadow Playing kindly Silver dropped wine That flows inside, a sleeping hand... Desperation fills the air (In your heart lies the dust of the anger) Madness knocking on my back (Chiming bells have announced the new day) My courage lies someplace where time forgot to send me (now where are you going?) (now where are you going now?) Someday they'll mark your sins Like torture on your back I wonder why My mind is tight Like stormy weather And so it seems That little steps Would take forever Oh, never understand We're like mad horses heading for the bend This place I'm standing here Made it on my own Moored my life to never let it go... I wonder why My mind is tight Like stormy weather And so it seems That little steps Would take forever Oh, never understand We're like mad horses heading for the bend This place I'm standing here Made it on my own Moored my life to never let it go... All my life I bleed away I won't forget All my life is never understand  Long ago, the same sky above; "It's lonesome when the sun goes down"; A day had come when we were like one: - Weapons up, never surrender! Oh, I saw the gleams of gold We'd kill and die conquering a virgin world The hold corrupted by the honour Living forevermore, leaving today Back to my place, I've got Nothing to say! Guilt and shame, it's all so insane Pagan gods die with no defence And we could go no further at all Digging the graves of our conscience Oh, the sounds, they still echoe All of us drifting on seas of blood The hope hidden behind the horror Living forevermore, leaving today Back from this land, I've got Nothing to say! Living forevermore, leaving today; For all what remains I've got Nothing to say! Oh, how many years have gone Every morning I bare myself from love The love rising up from the sorrow Living forevermore, leaving today For all what remains I've got Nothing to say! Living forevermore - Nothing to say! Back to my place, I've got... Living forevermore - Nothing to say! For all what remains, I've got Nothing to say! Been here for so long On the morrow I'll dare Silent and distant Reaching out, unaware Stealing the whispers From my deepest request And you watch me Waiting for something new My hands, as empty As my body and soul Could keep pretending But in the heart I'd be gone... Still stare at my face But lost seem your eyes Keep hold of the sails Against the blue sky Ooh, I'm intending A way back to the sea This emptiness burns inside And leads on for endless miles Don't let me go Away across the sea, It may be much more wide Than what it seems to be Ooh, I'm still searching The way back to be freed The loneliness hangs around us However we can't see Now let me go Away across the sea, The waves can't be as high As they pretend to be And now I know In my heart, I won't forget The sails against the blue sky That taught me how to live ... with no sorrow And tomorrow we'll share Silence and distance 'till our faults are repaired You'll be the mistress Who I'll never forget. All I see floats with the wind All the miracles of the water Are the miracles never seen Somehow my life now begins This music that's been played through time Now starts to reach my feet Feels like the flood of my needs From the harmony of forever Sound the melodies of the sea And you will know on the way I'm coming back to my enemies I'm turning around I'll be just coming back to my last days I'm coming back to the sea! So... why won't you come with me, my friend? Thrills... like we had before Hope... never showing up the same For a lonely man Since the day we left the land We've been anxious on aproach Captain kept showing his plans: "Under sail we go!" Deep the ocean's blue I stare The reflections of my soul We have with us a special guest And for him we made a toast Carolina IV took a river to the sky Seven men on board taking part To take their hearts around All around, around the world! All I can recall that day On that very day for sure All hands up against the haze As we attempted the return Carolina IV took the river to the sky One man less on board - human dreams Have sometimes cost their lives, All their lives dreaming I've been such a fool I've been so afraid From my heart to you I say: - I'll be here to stay! Nothing much left from the boat Many years have been and gone Still I can't forget the past And the ones I left at home Carolina IV took the river to the sky Windy whistling nights Made me sail right into the wind's eye Now I'll die singing: I've been such a fool I've been so afraid From my heart to you I say: - I'll be here to stay! We were born in a Golden Age Beyond the creed Blown with the winds to meet The ones who creep And pray Unshold feet traces on fresh sand A map unfold Spreading out knowledge, Magic and love And then ... ooh, and then, Carried by wooden gods We leave toward the sky Gushed out the holy blood From those who die To bless Ooh, and dance... Ooh, still dance... Someone has sent Somebody here To bring an age Long disappeared Holy Land - Throw your scars on me! My soul just tends to be Your friend Holy Land - Holy Land around Holy Land - Holy Land is all... Someone has sent Somebody here To bring an age Long disappeared Holy Land - Show your signs to me! 'cause I'm still here to see Your face Holy Land - Holy Land around Holy Land - Holy Land is all... Holy Land, Holy Land... Oh boys, I've seen the old man; Straw mask around the forehead The blaze, a blast and the awakening dead (The magic seeds will spread...) The bleeding warrior, he has fought (Healing leaves, piranha teeth, nobody leaves this place 'till the dawn!) Against the passion, for the love (Serpent skin, a savage scream, don't you believe, it grows and grows...) Oh boys, it's all so easy: Warn up the soul While the body is freezin'!... - I swear it! Against the men for the land, Against the beast to survive Against the demons to keep the faith (The spirits and the fate...) A word - together they will shout! (Run and pray if you're afraid you better stay away from it all!) A rumble shakes up all the ground (Start to sing, to turn and spin, get rid of all your sins right now!...) Oh boys, it's all so easy: Warm up the soul While the body is freezin'! A word - together they will shout! (Healing leaves, piranha teeth, nobody leaves this place 'till the dawn!) Against the passion, for the love (Start to sing, to turn and spin, get rid of all your sins right now!...) Oh boys, it's all so easy: Warm up the soul While the body is freezin'! Still we can hope a single word together; Warm up the soul... - Boys, I swear I've been there! Sat beside the meadow Watching weeds agrow Cleaned up all the ashes Of my soul Wrote down my own sentence Now you take your way Fades the last remembrance Of your lovely pretty face I, after all, Just a lonely man - a lonely heart! Working on the future Floating on fate Faced the circunstances Cleared up the shades, so Make believe There's no sorrow in your eyes Can't you see We could never get back from the start Minutes waiting, life's been wasted ... maybe I wanna die some other day Hear the whispers of your hope The answer wasn't told No, don't laugh seeing me cry The end I've left behind (... the whispers of your hope are left behind!) Make believe There's no sorrow in your eyes Can't you see We could never get back from the start Minutes waiting, life's been wasted And I've tried, Maybe you deny Words of peace For the future of our lives Bring to me Something else than a broken heart I won't wait 'till my life is wasted ... maybe I wanna die some other day Somehow I turn around and see My nerves break down inside Maybe you might know much more than me So tell me what is right to say Down the weakness of my soul Lie the secrets, and I know There's something pushing back Wish my hands could turn to gold And my heart would break the cold To give my thoughts some sense The turn is close, new century Still people think they're kings Now you've got your voice, Your own speech Don't wait 'till someone else agress Swimming naked of beliefs And responsabilities Just feel the sea of bliss Mother nature brings to me In fantastic purity Everything I need Like a teenager discovery What's more delightful than this? Try to remember how good it was Feeling the life as it is To believe! New world was born out of man's dreams Now we walk on our own The angels cried, you've heard them weep But now it's time to make them sing! Swimming naked of beliefs And responsabilities Just feel the sea of bliss Mother nature brings to me In fantastic purity Everything I need Like a teenager discovery What's more delightful than this? Try to remember how good it was Feeling the life as it is To believe! Three cliffs there stand High above where high winds howl Surrounding silence Three birds climb, then turn to fall Waiting for someday when the ocean and sky Will cover up the land in deep blue Renaissance is over and I wonder: - Should I always be the same once again? Take my hand and follow Sweeping trees, the coats of green Time has no place tomorrow Feel the good in endless dreams Waiting for someday when the ocean and sky Will cover up the land in deep blue Renaissance is over and I wonder: - Should I close my eyes and pray? - Feel like I've betrayed? - Always be the same? ... always be the same once again? On the sand, by the sea I left my heart to shed my grief A vulture came begging me: - Feed me with this piece of meat! I won't give away Something I need On a garden nursery I let my fancy wander free Children playing around a tree Sharing apples happily Come and rest with me Lay your hands on dreams I'll wait here by your side 'till you fall asleep I'll wait until you cry All over me the tears you hide inside... Awaken by the crystal bell of sorrow Caught ourselves pretending our frustations Were gone Once again, instead of facing the day We ran away; closed our eyes To keep leaning on feelings we had We were close Misty memories of a past come by And I'll write my pray On your face of hidden secrets Never shared, freezing soul Dreams last forever To the empress of the dark Lay down on eternity Your music in the air Great delight in the symphony Our dance will never end The Queen of the Night The master of evil Pretending desires With the grace of thunder The Queen of the Night The feast of illusion Pretending desires With the grace of thunder  Cry in the night of the angel For their light will never shine With their hearts so full of sorrow Muddy waters all around The curtain falls for helpless souls How they suffer swept aside And the raging streams are flowing with so little hope inside (Is like) Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies (angry darkened skies) You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Oh, see the sun in the sky (from the dawn of destruction) Free, free this chain from my heart... (chain, chain, chain) Hear the cry of angels from this life you cannot hide The change may come tomorrow for the solemn weeping eyes (Like) Angels crying Can't take no more Angels dying capture their fall Try to see this misery your future is not what you wished it to be So try to fly, the answer lies in the angry darkened skies (angry darkened skies) You just keep on standing in these fields all your life You sow the seeds that never grow No harvest comes such a strain to feed the few Still you're waiting, it's in vain... The change must come right now! Angels are crying and dying There must be some way endless you stray, still you pray for a better life Nobody sees when a glimpse of your target lies behind you, Like steps of the pilgrims unshined! This time I wanna know what life means... ...to live it again I'm looking forward, feel the light shine in my eyes... And now I know, my instincts were not wrong, and many things can be done I don't believe now, That I'm dreaming alone Oh, we're searching for the love that everyone's got, but can't see (yeah) Oh, beyond the flesh and blood there's so much hidden behind as so much more we've gotta give... Sanity brings up the sadness that keeps your illusions locked in a little box Fright comes, you find yourself lonely in a cage of conclusions crowding your mind You sit back bowing your head, every answer - yes Why don't you trust me and shed out your fears, Running over the tears you've contained now cover up your eyes, - Is it good for you? I will be here when fire burns!... Welcome on board over here is the ship of your life So rotten that will cast away I'll be your sweet lullaby all the night And if you get lost you can hold my hand... And I'll be here when fire burns Climb up the hills and mountains, don't forget what you've learned! Life make us feel the time we cannot hold Time make us live a tale already told Time make us heal a feeling inside a feeling that lies in your heart that we stole away... And I'll be here when fire burns Climb up the hills and mountains, don't forget what you've learned! Life make us feel the time we cannot hold Time make us live a tale already told Time make us heal (time make us heal) a feeling inside a feeling that lies in your heart that we stole away... Sat beside the meadow Watching weeds agrow Cleaned up all the ashes Of my soul Wrote down my own sentence Now you take your way Fades the last remembrance Of your lovely pretty face I, after all, Just a lonely man - a lonely heart! Working on the future Floating on fate Faced the circumstances Cleared up the shades, so Make believe There's no sorrow in your eyes Can't you see We could never get back from the start Minutes waiting, life's been wasted ...Maybe I wanna die some other day. Hear the whispers of your hope The answer wasn't told No, don't laugh seeing me cry The end I've left behind (...The whispers of your hope are left behind!) Make believe There's no sorrow in your eyes Can't you see We could never get back from the start Minutes waiting, life's been wasted And I've tried, Maybe you deny. Words of peace For the future of our lives Bring to me Something else than a broken heart I won't wait 'till my life is wasted ...Maybe I wanna die some other day Simple minded brain, For now you succumb Nothing changes your way This worlds insists to be the same Based on our mistakes The flowers fade along the road Don't blindfold your eyes, So loneliness becomes the law of a senseless life Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... Go! Now you have to face another day You won't be alone This life is forcing us to stay - for how long? Cold is the wind and thunder struck on a stormy night But can't you see, I'm by your side We are marching on! Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past, to carry on Follow your steps and you will find The unknown ways are on your mind Need nothing else than just your pride to get there... So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past So, carry on, There's a meaning to life Which someday we may find... Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past Carry on, it's time to forget The remains from the past, to carry on The remains from the past, to carry on The remains from the past... On the sand, by the sea I left my heart to shed my grief A vulture came begging me: - Feed me with this piece of meat! I won't give away Something I need On a garden nursery I let my face wander free Children playing around a tree Sharing apples happily Come and rest with me Lay your hands on dreams I'll wait here by your side Till you fall asleep I'll wait until you cry All over me the tears you hide inside... Rainy clouds covered up the sunny sky now I know I'll sleep alone tonight tears and prays will be taken by the rain And the loneliness in my dreams And I know I'll never be the same living this tragedy, insane, All I wanna be is to be free with you, with me I don't blame the fate but it's too hard to face the truth It was all just like paradise just like we wanted to be far beyond the reason rest our lives eternity denies the guilt of reality senselessness Fly high, reaching skies to eagles trying to be free moments of madness will be left behind the same horizon but in different lands... Oh boys, I've seen the old man; Straw mask around the forehead The blaze, a blast and the awakening dead (The magic seeds will spread...) The bleeding warrior, he has fought - (Healing leaves, piranha teeth, nobody leaves this place 'till the dawn!) Against the passion, for the love (Serpent skin, a savage scream, don't you believe, it grows and grows...) Oh boys, it's all so easy: Warm up the soul While the body is freezing''! - I swear it! Against the men for the land Against the beast to survive Against the demons to keep the faith (The spirits and the fate...) A word - together they will shout! (Run and pray if you're afraid you better stay away from it all!) A rumble shakes up all the ground (Start to sing, to turn and spin, get rid of all your sins right now!..) Oh boys, it's all so easy: Warm up the soul While the body is freezin'! A word - together they will shout! (Healing leaves, piranha teeth, nobody leaves this place 'till the dawn!) Against the passion, for the love (Start to sing, to turn and spin, get rid of all your sins right now!..) Oh boys, it's all so easy: Warm up the soul While the body is freezin'! Still we can hope a single world together; Warm up the soul... - Boys, I swear I've been there! We were born in a Golden Age Beyond the creed Blown with the winds to meet The ones who creep And pray Unshod feet traces on fresh sand A map unfold Spreading out knowledge, Magic and love And then Carried by wooden gods We leave towards the sky Gushed out the holy blood From those who die To bless Ooh, and dance... Ooh, still dance... Someone has sent Somebody here To bring an age Long disappeared Holy Land - Throw you scars on me! My soul just tends to be Your friend. Holy Land - Holy Land around Holy Land - Holy land is all... Someone has sent Somebody here To bring an age Long disappeared Holy Land - Show your signs to me! 'Cause I'm still here to see Your face. Out on the wiley, windy moors We'd roll and fall in green You had a temper, like my jealousy Too hot, too greedy How could you leave me? When I needed to possess you I hated you, I loved you too Bad dreams in the night They told me I was going to lose the fight Leave behind my wuthering, wuthering Wuthering Heights. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy come home I'm so cold, let me in-a-your window Oh it gets dark, it gets lonely On the other side from you I pine a lot, I find the lot Falls through without you I'm coming back love, cruel Heathcliff My only one dream, my only master Too long I roam in the night I'm coming back to his side to put it right I'm coming home to wuthering, wuthering Wuthering Heights Oh let me have it, let me grab your soul away Oh let me have it, let me grab your soul away You know it's me, Cathy Vai minha tristeza E diz a ela que sem ela não pode ser, Diz-lhe numa prece Que ela regresse Porque não posso mais sofrer. Chega de saudade, A realidade é que sem ela Não há paz, Não há beleza, É só tristeza e a melancolia Que não sai de mim, Não sai de mim, Não sai. Mas, se ela voltar, Se ela voltar que coisa linda! Que coisa louca! Pois há menos peixinhos a nadar no mar Do que os beijinhos Que eu darei na sua boca. Dentro dos meus braços, os abraços Hão de ser milhões de abraços Apertado assim, colado assim, calada assim, Abraços e beijinhos e carinhos sem ter fim, Que é pra acabar com esse negócio De viver longe de mim. Não quero mais esse negócio De você viver assim, Vamos deixar esse negócio De você viver sem mim... White gold, a morning came Sunny cold, reflecting light Unknown songs Fresh water gush licks the lime Sprinkling crowns of silence The face wet from the moistened dew Wind takes the sight Around the meadow Playing kindly Silver dropped wine That flows inside a sleeping hand... Desperation fills the air (In your heart lies the dust of the anger) Madness knocking on my back (Chiming bells have announced the new day) My courage lies someplace where time forgot to send me (now where are you going?) (now where are you going now?) Someday they'll mark your sins like torture on your back I wonder why My mind is tight Like stormy weather And so it seems That little steps would take forever Oh, never understand... We're like mad horses heading for the bend This place I'm standing here Made it on my own Moored my life to never let it go... I wonder why My mind is tight Like stormy weather And so it seems That little steps would take forever Never understand... We're like mad horses heading for the bend This place I'm standing here Made it on my own Moored my life to never let it go... All my life I'll be the way I won't forget All my life is never understand From the coast of gold, across the seven seas I'm travellin' on, far and wide But now it seems, I'm just a stranger to myself And all the things I sometimes do, it isn't me but someone else I close my eyes, and think of home Another city goes by in the night Ain't it funny how it is, you never miss it 'til it's gone away And my heart is lying there and will be 'til my dying day So understand Don't waste your time always searching for those wasted years Face up... make your stand And realise you're living in the golden years Too much time on my hands, I got you on my mind Can't ease this pain, so easily When you can't find the words to say it's hard to make it through another day And it makes me wanna cry and throw my hands up to the sky  Day by day Wheels keep turning round And everynight Many restless creatures longing for the dawn To heal away Their eternal pain... Hope the saints arrive Bringing the signs Of treasures to be found Now we walk alone And we've got to know The secrets all around Breaking our hearts of stone, Tasting our lives, Setting us free to decide... "Wings Of Reality, Take me higher and higher Show me the way to be Free forever with you... I guess I've found my way Everyday growing stronger So many words to say, So many things to do..." The ghosts get closer to many fears A beast has awakened here inside... All we don't know, nobody knows! ...And the pay back is coming someday!! We're armed and ready to attack To strike the city of all desires Then calm the waves that lead to passion When all reality turns back to ashes Over the hills, across the sea Into the abyss of a bygone time Lest we forget what really matters And the bewildered look up to the sky Fallen comrades lay on the ground Victors in death they make no sound Petrify my eyes Behold the sights of battle lost In this unchanging world What does the poor life of a warrior cost? Oh can't you see Many faces from God's own races are waiting To fight the good fight Even thought the animals of time have passed you by you still don't see Oh, you won't see They've petrified your eyes Deep desires of mine Dark thoughts tirannize my mind When will this torture end Into the mire, to battle again Everynight I say a prayer Look at me: nobody cares Just a mirror, passing by... Looked inside: I've lost my pride...! Stay with me not for so long It's alright: no needs, no hope Such a miracle, looking back... Time gone by, and life wasn't bad...! Lord, light my way Fill these withered, careless hands... Oh, skies are falling down Skies are falling down Oh, skies are falling down Skies are falling down See, the birds are back... At the docks and everywhere Here in Lisbon, realized This whole world so strange and divine Lord, light my way Fill these withered, careless hands... Oh, skies are falling down Skies are falling down Oh, skies are falling down Skies are falling down You live in a world that is just Way too strange to conceive Angel's dressed in black Most of the people who seem to be Lost in the dark - Are they all too real? Always a good time, never lonely Suddenly realized the blood red tears from my eyes There was nothing much I could do But watch you die Time after time Burnt your wings on the sun Metal Icarus First time I met you I wanted To be by your side And let my hair grow long Those days are gone But I still fly by night Bringing life to the dead Even through times when I felt lonely Suddenly realized the blood red tears from my eyes There was nothing much I could do But watch you die Time after time Burnt your wings on the sun Metal Icarus Night after night Upon forces unknown Metal Icarus Ah! Those were the years I can still feel the windy heights Against my skin And if I close my eyes I'm flying over hills! Since the time of the ancients When gladiators fought Turning movements of action to passion Their life was a game See the blood of the bodies Spilling onto the floor? How could people applaud it It's madness it's all so insane! Blood, through your heart Never stops for one minute And there you will find: - There is no other way! The arena's still crowded But the rules take new forms Some of them tread on stages, Some others chase after a ball... Blood, through your heart Never stops for one minute And there you will find: - There is no way out! Demons with a thousand eyes: - Look at me and cast your spell!... We're dreaming of Paradise While we stay here in hell!!! The sun rises over the tide Waves breaking over the rocks Again and again like an echo From the mountine tops This feeling you just can't hide Like an open page revealed for all to see You breathe hard, Like the sea breeze coming in Hold your arms to the sky Don't let clouds hide the sun Don't runaway cos' you can't hide from thunder Cold sweat glistening on your brow The rains will come crashing down A million voices sing out loud again tonight As the mysteries of life begin to unfold Master of fate you're the only one who knows Machine of mystery roles on It's New Year Day; Looking up to the sky We all await for the fireworks to fly And I hold you And I stand by you now... Over the bay darkness breaks to a glow But still the sands keep on running too slow And I love you And I care for you now... Green comes after white Night turns to day into the fire Look at our dreams flying away Climbing up higher Along the shore timeless faces reflect The innocence of childhood never left And I miss you And I cry for you now Green comes after white Night turns to day into the fire Look at our dreams flying away Climbing up higher And the ones who we trust And the moments of joy Mirrored there is a glow That will dazzle our eyes Here is my heart, in my soul Sharing the miracle of Hope In my heart, in my mind, in my soul... Stay hand in hand, stay with me Love is the keys to believe In our hearts, in our minds, in our souls! ...But now no matter what I say, Just look at the fireworks! Living a dream just for one night Feels like the last day of my life Roaming somewhere just for a while When all the feelings lay dorment inside Here we go, marching on... Unconsciously far from this world We're knowing foundations of all in such extreme virtuality All we don't need is the proof to believe Here we go, marching ahead Buried deep in the sand... I recognize this place, All those faces, all these scenes Though I'm so often there It's somewhere I've never been (Over and over again) ...It's so extreme My endless dream...! I see the stars in your eyes Portraying my face in the future Nice is the weather outside But I'll stay at home Oh! Waiting for the rain... Memories of when we were young Wishing so bad to be older Now you may look to the past The only way forward ...Lighting up another cigarette Playing cool while cracking up inside Saying hi to people's like saying goodbye Laughing, but wishing to cry Gentle change of tides Upcoming days Oh, the spirits of a new horizon fall Into old dreams Standing here howling at the storm Shouting how life could be perfect Well, then the walls have to fall To start it again Gentle change of tides Upcoming days Oh, the spirits of a new horizon fall Into old dreams Far away from sights Oh, hidden in the maze Oh, oh, spirits of a new horizon fall Into old dreams Speed, run the thoughts inside your brain Try to catch them once And you'll be alone There's nowhere to go Speed, all the memories will come Try to make them live And you'll get so lost From the present to the past With speed we go But still don't know What's hidden in there Out time is over! Speed, like a thunderbolt The future will take its place Then could you stop time Perhaps when you die? With speed we go But still don't know What's hidden in there Out time is over! Faster than light we will find A way out of the conscience And the more we know, more we'll mind It's matter of patience, Always... Rainy nights can easily go The morning sun, a lover so A cup of tea still held tight in her hand And tomorrow'll be just like yesterday Taken by promises She's just begun to feel the heat From the fire, and so Crazy thoughts out of control Somewhere else away from home An angels's kiss, the fresh breeze on her face Closed her eyes and walked into the haze - And fade away aken by promises She's just begun to feel the heat From the fire Burning herself and her soul - Fade away, fade away Scenes from yesterday, seem so far away 'Till the day they'll return again Taken by promises She's just begun to feel the heat From the fire Burning herself and her soul So understand, my friend Sometimes there's rain, Sometimes there's breeze Fanning the fire, and so ...Burns herself back to dust Brings the hope and the love Sews the ends of rope Gets us further somehow Away from home and from all Thoughts dancing out of control Turning the stones into gold Leading to planets unknown Blowing the fire and so I promise I won't let you go  Everynight I say a prayer Look at me: nobody cares Just a mirror, passing by... Looked inside: I've lost my pride! Stay with me not for so long It's alright: no needs, no hope Such a miracle, looking back... Times gone by, and life wasn't bad...! Lord, light my way Fill these withered, careless hands... Oh, skies are falling down Skies are falling down Oh, skies are falling down Skied are falling down See, the birds are back... At the docks and everywhere Here in Lisbon, realized This whole world so strange and divine Lord, light my way Fill these withered, careless hands... Oh, skies are falling down Skies are falling down Oh, skies are falling down Skied are falling down Sat beside the meadow Watching weeds agrow Cleaned up all the ashes Of my soul Wrote down my own sentence Now you take your way Fades the last remembrance Of your lovely pretty face I, after all, Just a lonely man - a lonely heart! Working on the future Floating on fate Faced the circunstances Cleared up the shades, so Make believe There's no sorrow in your eyes Can't you see We could never get back from the start Minutes waiting, life's been wasted ... maybe I wanna die some other day Hear the whispers of your hope The answer wasn't told No, don't laugh seeing me cry The end I've left behind (... the whispers of your hope are left behind!) Make believe There's no sorrow in your eyes Can't you see We could never get back from the start Minutes waiting, life's been wasted And I've tried, Maybe you deny Words of peace For the future of our lives Bring to me Something else than a broken heart I won't wait 'till my life is wasted ... maybe I wanna die some other day So, time is waiting Now overloaded See, weeping eyes Let me alone Angels crying Back to the war Angels dying Rest in their fall Come to me, try to see future is not what you wished it to be 'cos everyday seems the same To the whole mankind So why still you're standing on the field all your life... sowing the seeds that'll never grow season won't end 'till the fine grains harvest comes We're waiting for the dawn.. The change must start right now! Oh, scars are fading seeds now may grown feeding no more lies raising as the sun Angels are crying and dying for holy chants of fareweel to kings overthrown by the purpose light Nobody ships when the glimpse of your target comes behind you, Like steps of the pilgrims unshined!  When the world had a tragic fate We were draining the infected sea Though the scene was indeed too sad Only prayers were taking lead Oh! just some of us survived At least a discent woman and a man Wide awake! Am I alone in this place? Someone hear me ? my only hope! The acid rain is burning right in front your eyes Again the dreams may loose the glow Allow the sorrow of your thoughts to meet sunrise And shall the hopeful words bring love inside your heart  Somehow I know The things are gonna change New boundaries on the way Like never before Find a meaning to your life Healing whispers of the angels Bring the sunrise again New day shines, fallen angels will arise Nova Era brings the ashes back to life All over now, sores in pain and awful lies Angels will arise Back to life! Fresh winds of hope Has taken us ahead Forever is a place You have to keep in mind No way to limit our goals You'll find a reason to believe Facing Nova Era Oh! Come on! Arise! Find a meaning to your life No way to limit our goals Healing whispers of the angels Bring the sunrise again! New day shines, fallen angels will arise Nova Era brings the ashes back to life All over now, sores in pain and awful lies Angels lead you through paradise Nova Era is a passage to your mind And forever you may find a better time Nova Era bring the angels back to life... Life! An eagle breaks the silence And overflies the field My eyes will try to follow Till it vanishes away Like candles in the darkness We fight against the wind Devotion to your idols Soon will overthrow the king Out of order Taming borders Tearing down the fences On and on and after all The century has gone Racism jumble Turbulence My eyes believe we have gone to the end Ordinary Earth Sailing through the space Population alienation Losing all affection Calling on to heaven's hope To watch for my protection Out of luck Potential stuck Remote controlled By the T.V. again Carries human souls Lead us the journey of our fate So come millennium sun Won't you show us the way Future's begun So words from my mouth come Whispering for your return Pictures a sunset on the lake Mirrors of crystal your portrait Walking on this field while I wait So come millennium sun Won't you show us the way Future's begun So words come from my mouth Whispering for your return Show us the future's began Burning millennium sun When the world had a tragic fate We were draining the poisoned sea Though the scenes were indeed too sad Only prayers were taking lead Oh! Just some of us survived At least a discent woman and a man Wide awake! Am I alone in this place Someone hear me ? my only hope! The Acid Rain is burning Right into your eyes Again your dreams may loose the glow Allow the sorrow of your thoughts to meet sunrise And shall the hopefull words Bring love inside your heart So the world knew a tragic fate We were draining the deadly sea And the scenes were indeed too sad Only prayers were taking lead The Acid Rain is burning your eyes! Sealing light Nothing to see Like a miracle life Starts with the pain Forever this will be Close my eyes Thunders won't cease Crawling down to the edge I break down and weep Tears on the river deep Oh! Back to the sea Shout loud Moving ahead Ride the horses of justice Virtues of men, yawns! Down and out Losing my head Like a dream you're returning Back from the dead-awake! Shadows will fade some day All the heroes go down Shed their blood on the land Dreaming somehow The divine will now stand Heroes go down With their hearts in their hands Building their castles on the sand Haunted by the heavy clouds Thunder scaring away Howling like a mountain wolf Warriors are leading the way A lethal bolt pierces the air Like a falling star Young eyes are observing in the darkness His stares reflecting fright And scared he's struggling hard To go back Uneasy warders guard The jail on quiet nights Young eyes contemplating somewhere to hide Mankind will soon learn That the end has come in time Dividing lands, retracing All the borders will collide Revealing ages when the absence Of forgiveness rules our lives Home how I go My badge is wearing out Written on the sand Words to reconcile - unholy wars Forgive us our father For we have sinned Blinded by pride We know not what we do Thy kingdom will be done By holy wars The battle is over But the war still rages on! Cooling breeze from a summer day Hearing echoes from your heart Learning how to recompose the words Let time just fly Joyfull sea-gulls roaming on the shore Not a single note would sound Raise my head after I dry my face Let time just fly Recalling, retreating Returning, retrieving A small talk your missing More clever but older now A leader, a learner A lawful beginner A lodger of lunacy So lucid in a jungle A helper, a sinner A scarecrow's agonyzing smile Oh! Minutes go round and round Inside my head Oh! My chest will now explode Falling into pieces Rain breaks on the ground-blood! One minute forever A sinner regretting My vulgar misery ends (And I) ride the winds of a brand new day High where mountain's stand Found my hope and pride again Rebirth of a man Time to fly... Inside the cage of your mind Waiting for the day Just a victim of the guilt Living in despair Out on your own in the dark Sinners meet the saints Bloody river overflows You don't really care Setting on fire Your own freedom Played the hardest game Now you will burn Your eternal flame Even the brave won't deny Evil warns again And your conscience isn't safe Driving you insane Playing with fire Put your freedom Through the hardest test Don't blame the scare On your final day One last minute passes by your soul Just one minute lost in the horizon You will face the judgement day (Scream your voice free to the air) Waiting for the judgement day One last minute passes by your soul Just one minute more in the horizon One more minute passes by your eyes Just one minute less in the horizon Then you face the judgement day (Scream your voice free to the air) There'll no more time to pray (Sweat in pain you are afraid) We all face the judgement day When the brave fought On the land of freedom for the men Now the bells of hope are ringing Angels cry again The goddess of wind was mad, oh no! Spreading the fire Rushing our destiny (and) from now Dividing us all. Visions of steady land Cheering the sight Orders to wait until the night Answer me, What happened to your life? Answer me, what do you hide? The storm made us angry, I don't know! Spreading the fear Old friends like enemies, be strong! And hide all your tears Revolting the high command Don't let it drown Captain took off before the dawn. Answer me, What happened to your life? Answer me, what do you hide? Can't you see Salvation without fight? Can't you see it? That you are blind Under the sun In a solitary world I am running alone Scars on my face Weary hands from digging dirt I was dying all alone Am running? Where am I? Where has everyone gone this time? Left my future far behind I am nothing but the sole survivor Under the sun I still see this world burning Scars on my face shows the eyes of a man running Cold wind, sad moonrise Dark clouds in the sky Storm ends the mourning time Howling in the night Vision of the land After the horrid end We build again from the start Holy lenient heart A treasure of the land Torments have brought the end We build again from the start Holy lenient heart Visions come from the sea Oceans bring to me I reach the sand with a kiss Treasures bristling from a bliss Now I know that the end comes You knew since the beginning Didn't want to believe it's true You are alone again My soul will be with you Why's the clock even running If my world isn't turning? Hear your voice in the doorway wind You are alone again I'm only waiting You tear into pieces my heart before you leave with no repentance I cried to you, my tears turn into blood I'm ready to surrender You say that I take it too hard And all I ask is comprehension Bring back to you A piece of my broken heart I'm ready to surrender I remember the moments Life was short for the romance Like a rose it will fade away I'm leaving everything No regrets, war is over The return of a soldier Put my hands on my bleeding heart I'm leaving all behind No longer waiting I've waited for so long!  Remember the first time you've faced the dark Why were you so afraid? Hiding so many secrets inside When fears have got to be tamed I promise I'll still be there To keep my promise I'll still be there To watch over dreams at night And follow you through the day You shot the doors but I'm right behind Where shadows remain I promise I'll still be there To say I promise I 'll still be there Don't ask me why we'll be like brothers Skating on the ice of mortal loneliness Live and learn with your mind Find a way out of madness You dream on (of) paradise Who's gonna take you there Now I know that the end comes You knew since the beginning Didn't want to believe it's true You are alone again My soul will be with you Why's the clock even running If my world isn't turning Hear your voice in the doorway wind You are alone again I'm only waiting You tear into pieces my heart Before you leave with no repentance I cried to you, my tears turn into blood I'm ready to surrender You say that I take it too hard And all I ask is comprehension Bring back to you a piece of my broken heart I'm ready to surrender I remember the moments Life was short for the romance Like a rose it will fade away I'm leaving everything No regrets, war is over The return of a soldier Put my hands on my bleeding heart I'm leaving all behind No longer waiting I've waited for so long! Fly from the haze Jump on the prey Scaring away Capture's in vain Daring the hills Mountains ahead Roaming and stare Lonely again Perish the heat Succumbing breath Last but not least Die or slay Hide on the field Perceiving eyes Hunting the prey In paradise No one is to know Secrets of your soul No one knows for sure Still wonder why I'm waiting, just waiting Answers to return Don't let your dreams deny you When it's time to learn I'm standing, I'm waiting Time has no reverse Can someone see them falling Bones will feed the dirt Hunters and Prey You got to run away! Demian poor child was raised on the gutter Digs in trashcans to kill the hunger When your mouth is so full of promise All I see is one empty hand The world may turn but some things may never change! Uptown princess a life inside cages Wearing diamonds around the neck I know the bibles are full of fair words But nothing's worth more than what you care The world keeps turning (and) still things stay the same! You look away while I see the... Eyes of Christ on a devil's face Eyes of Christ on a devil's face Wait for your heart to show you the way Turn your old mind from flesh to clay I beg for a miracle We've made'em heroes We've have made'em warriors We've made their mothers cry We got our defence We got our difference We're playing differente sides You die someday and still the world wii be the same! Now you understand when I see the... Eyes of Christ on a devil's face Eyes of Christ on a devil's face Driving a knife in your despair May become blind the ones who stare Look to the Eyes of Christ on a devil's face Eyes of Christ on a devil's face Setting on fire those who pray Blinding the eyes of human race Please beg for a miracle! Cooling breeze from a summer day Hearing echoes from your heart Learning how to recompose the words Let time just fly Joyfull sea gulls roaming on the shore Not a single note would sound Raise my head after I dry my face Let time just fly Recalling, retreating Returning, retreaving A small talk your missing More clever but older now A leader, a learner A lawful beginer A lodger of lunacy So lucid in a jungle A helper, a sinner A scarecroow's agonizing smile (And I) Ride the winds of a brand new day High where mountain's stand Found my hope and pride again Rebirth of a man Time to fly... Sealing light Nothing to see Like a miracle life Starts with the pain Forever this will be Close my eyes Thunders won't cease Crawling down to the edge I break down and weep Tears on the river deep Oh! Back to the sea Shout loud Moving ahead Ride the horses of justice Virtues of men, yawns! Down and out Losing my head Like a dream you're returning Back from the dead - Awake! Shadows will fade some day All the heroes go down Shed their blood on the land Dreaming somehow The divine will now stand Heroes go down With their hearts in their hands Building their castles on the sand Haunted by the heavy clouds Thunder scaring away Howling like a mountain wolf Warriors are leading the way Vai como um rei Voa na presa Espanta de vez E a fome vem Cruzando rios, Montes e céus Vaga no ar Só outra vez Morrendo o dia Respira exausto Estória sem fim Matar ou morrer Atrás da trilha Olhos de águia Fitam coelhos Fogo de palha Não sei bem se sou Caça ou caçador Hoje e amanhã O rio vai e eu vou atrás A esperar resposta Pro que vou dizer Se o dia foi da caça Quem irá saber? Espero que o tempo Faça-me entender Que o corpo cai na terra E ela há de comer, tudo outra vez! Não sei bem quem sou Nem pra onde vou Hoje e amanhã O rio vai e eu Vou atrás A esperar que o vento Traga-me o condor O dia foi da caça Ou do caçador? Espero que o tempo Faça-me entender Que o corpo cai na terra E ela há de comer, Tudo outra vez Tudo outra vez Tudo outra vez!!!  Woke up to life not long ago You think your mind is in control? God will take it back someday It's not so hard to understand They say the world has good and bad Father Universe brings Love and Hate Glorious - You'll lead the way To free the world from these chains Glorious - Your story now begins, Oh! Fire! Unleash the angel of the Light Thank him for bringing us to life Lucifer is just a name! We are the only ones to blame Just look around, I'm not insane! Satan is a child of our God Glorious - Don't be afraid To lead the way with thy sword Glorious - You are the chosen one. Go! Spread your fire Salve ara, salve victima Spread your fire De passionis gloria Spread your fire Qua vita mortem pertulit Spread your fire Et morte vitam reddidit Glorious - Don't be afraid To lead the way with thy sword Glorious - You are the chosen one. Go! Salve ara, salve victima Spread your fire De passionis gloria Spread your fire Qua vita mortem pertulit Spread your fire Et morte vitam reddidit Dreams -- sensations you prove Are taken from nature You find those emotions are true in your mind Fight against the kingdom of fear Sooner or later they'll try to convince you are wrong But I'm sure.. We're just Crawling Angels and Demons disguised The truth you don't know so try to be sure When your Angels and Demons arise Face the Truth: God is not love! Feel as fluid as life, Love is a rainbow As much as it seems to be real It's all in your mind Sooner or later I'm gonna convince that The truth is a lie There's no Judge when we die Only dust We're just Crawling Angels and Demons disguised The truth you don't know so try to be sure When your Angels and Demons arise But we're still not sure which way we should go When the Angels and Demons disguise Just confusing our brains with their lies Enticing emotions Revoltiong devotions The Angels and Demons telling me lies! Caught in space and time Like a bird in a cage Cruelly confined In a passing matters state You suddenly realize That the wrong is the right Daring the laws Ready to put up a fight But... Love will drag your heart away To a world where dreams are made Can't hide away When your helpless mind obeys Together we wait in silence (Still are the cries) Forever the fate is hungry for your soul Together we wait in silence (Still are the cries) Worth your while until you're gone All the secrets of life reveal To my eyes I can't conceal And again I fly away To a world where dreams are made Together we wait in silence (Still are the cries) Forever the fate is hungry for your soul Together we wait in silence (Still are the cries) Worth your while until you're gone Life's too short to grieve in sorrow (Still are the cries) Fate is waiting for your soul (Secrets inside) Live your life like no tomorrow (Still are the cries) Worth you're while until gone Fate's gonna take your soul! Close your eyes, what do you see? Takes a while to believe Feel the wind kissing your chin Hold your cries make your wish Dream away, breath... Why did it take so long to understand? Black sheep of the flock will soon be banned Don't lose your hope, wish away (Journey to the sacred ground of Dreamland) To one's heart's content I'll be free again (Visions telling secrets on the Dreamland) And my fortune ends in the Wishing Well Close your eyes what do you feel? Hold your cries keep it still Where am I? Why am I here? Reasons where Reasons why (Journey to the sacred ground of Dreamland) To one's heart's content I'll be free again (Visions telling secrets on the Dreamland) And my fortune ends in the Wishing Well Oh! Who knows the truth in this world? (Journey to the sacred ground of Dreamland) To one's heart's content I'll be free again (Visions telling secrets on the Dreamland) And my fortune ends in the Wishing Well Close your eyes, what do you see? Make your dreams come true again Where am I? Why am I here? Dreaming is believing, your wishing well Nations battle on the field across the lands Ruthless - stealing territories from our hands Anger throwing down the victims to the ground Cold blood younger soldiers weeping with no sound Revolution striking down right now! Blind fools fighting for the power to command Flag poles threading down the freedom of our men Innocence dying by the fury of the sword Poor men falling before saying their last words Revelation code XI Striking over us Sounds of revolution Freedom is proclaimed Bells announcing changes for the better in the temple of hate The Temple of Hate! Satan awaits! Revolution we have waited Burning down our souls Sounds of revolution Freedom is proclaimed Bells announcing changes for the better in the temple of hate Satan awaits! The Temple of Hate! I remember the blood on his hands So ashamed regretting his faults So defenseless he came from the darkness We spoke and had a good talk Dark old hat reminds me of someone I find hard to recall Bowed his head surrendering to sorrow Wears the face of war Desperate cries: (Desperate cries) Running in circles (Mourining in vain) Resigning to terror (A sinful warfare) A sinful warfare (Innocents die) Lost in the faith from my fragile heart... ...From my heart Wearing black, a bow without arrows God, have mercy on his soul Eyes of dread, entrenched in horror My devotions are gone! (Desperate cries) Running in circles (Mourining in vain) Resigning to terror (A sinful warfare) Atrocious attack (Atrocious attack) My crusaders faith Drowns in religious blood But I'll fight till the end Gonna find my Holy Grail Running blind against the faith Reason slips away Churches falling like castles on the sand Ends the Holy War Have the good for bad. (What does a man gain from his work? Under the sun where he labors What is so good for a man in life? During his days he's just like a shadow Vanitas! Vanitas! Utters the oracle A chasing after the wind Meaningless! Meaningless searches for wisdom Everything is in vain like your hunting for shadows) Lost my pride, fought in vain Had to find reasons to my pain - Oh! Running blind against the faith Running blind again Church is falling like castles on the sand Ends the Holy War Jesus was a man With a heart, with a mind With a body, with a soul So divine as your own God has no mind, has no heart Has no body, has no soul and no resemblance of you. No! (Like chasing the wind...) Standing by his coffin Thoughts have gone astray Life is just a burden Carry yours away Wipe the tears that fall Moments recalled In the child's eyes Watch the world go by Flying through the stars Won't hide the scars Always mourning cries Wasted in this world I'd never realized Smiles in the falling rain Wash the tears away Face the angels of death Soon your time will be over Your salvation's ahead That's why I said There is no pain for the dead Dying now Hourglass counts down Leaving this world Your destination is Hiding mourning time Face up to the world Another day passes by Living our minutes in vain Wipe the tears away Triumph for the martyrs of the war Fallen for the causes of the others Worth the sacrifice? Heroes are dying now Hearing their mothers cry Heaven is a metaphor Free your mind and spirit Mother Earth, do you partake my soul? Oh, no! Water, wind and fire will take our spirits away (Victims of sacrifice) Face the angel of death (Struggling to survive) Soon your time will be over (Revolution remains) Your salvation's ahead It's not so sad There is no pain for the dead (Victims of sacrifice) There'll be no rest 'til you're dead (Struggling to survive) Liberation of soul It's not so sad There is no pain for the dead Oh! No pain for the dead Blood is flowing on the ground Like a river branching red lines Anguish is all around Hope yielding to despair Life is a circumstance Any minute slips away God, please look upon us all Do you give a damn? Dancing in the air Spinning leaves in circles giving pleasure to my eyes Sadden my delight When the joy is over laying scattered on the ground Oh! The sun will rise The beginning of creation Oh! Into the skies On the Winds of Destination Carry us away... Secret ark of Solomon Hidden in the temple wreck... for the king Many years and centuries Till seven knights from the order Down the tunnels of the past Learning from the undisclosed... all the way! Holding dreams on zealous hands All those archives Lost and wasted Somewhere in the battle fields Farewell to common world Templars are watching and guarding the scrolls Shields of faith the knights behold All Manuscripts of the sacred laws are there Dancing in the air Spinning leaves in circles Giving pleasure to my eyes ...arise! Oh! The sun will rise The beginning of creation Oh! Into the skies On the Winds of Destination Carry us away Old leaves will be falling Old trees will remain Whirlwind carries you away For tomorrow be the same I lay my eyes in the past From the first day to the last Several things we had to learn Countless mistakes from times of yore Now we restart, we recreate Your present is your fate Don't turn your backs on mankind! Only yourselves you wanna save Ignorance burns just like a fire Consuming people on its flame Fellow creatures, so wonderful! So different and so grand Sprouts of time The roots evolving The seeds for the future were scattered yesterday Tomorrow's harvest field we plant today Your crown will ever last The tall trees of life (Life experience) Break your shell reach the light! (Mind and sould) Find your path to the skies (Will come around on a thunder sound) Raging with power and fury the new born world Sprouts of time The roots evolving The seeds from the past branching out Growing forever Hands on heart Embrace each other The dances, the faces, the smiles Behind the past New seasons bring the chance To start again Tall trees will ever last The circles of life Dawning time Lights a new beginning On the shadows of your eyes Hurts inside Wounded heart is healing After all you will survive All the time I was lost in the desert Counting what was left from the Illusions in my mind Hopeless fights Foolish thoughts we were in heaven till we die, oh! Death will bring us back where we belong Now you must decide before the Dawn is brightening up the day Announcing in the sky the Morning Star Nothing left to loose I am going on my way tonight (On my way and...) Shouting to the moon I'll be roaming till I find the Morning Star - Oh!!! Another chance you waste I'm the owner of my days I'll be howling through the night till the end of time. Look out! All this time I was lost in the desert Got to get away! Now I must decide before the Dawn is brightening up the day Announcing in the sky the Morning Star! Nothing left to loose I am going on my way tonight (On my way and...) Silent like the moon I will wonder till I find the Morning Star - Oh no!!! Another chance you waste Cause I'm going on my way tonight (On my way and...) Shouting to the stars I'm the owner of my days I'll be howling through the night till the end of time. Oh! End of time! Shouting to the stars! You wasted all your chances To find yourself lost and lonely Were so foolish You were selfish Much too blind to realzie You messed up your own life... Eu vou contando os dias E já, já não tenho medo Eu lhe peço Eu imploro Quando a minha hora chegar Meu descanso minha paz I go on counting my days And I'm not afraid anymore I ask you, I beg you When my time comes My rest, my peace Cante uma canção desconhecida Posioning with hope the hearts around you Plante mais lembranças na sua vida Death is calling you (Now or never!) Nada além do amor é o que parece Please the ones you love before you miss'em Toda a minha dor na minha prece. Win my chances back cause Life is short but it's never late! Tempo que passou It's time to find Redemption Não vai mais voltar Only love defies the Resurection Tudo que se foi Mark my words: God's abandoned this world! Would I live again? What's the new religion? Yeah! And what shall be the bread? Really I don't give a damn! Never wanna live again In this vain emotion Over for me! Sing a lullaby now I remember Tempo que se foi e não se esquece mais Memories are twisting in my mind Win my chances back Cause life is short but it's never late Tempo que passou It's time to find Redemption Não vai mais voltar Only love defies the resurection Tudo que se foi Mark my words: God's abandoned this world! Toda a minha dor My destiny is over Nunca vai voltar And this hope above your comprehension Tempo que se foi Is the love you've been dreaming so long Over for me. Nunca... ...tudo se acabou.  Across the ages the world has been Changing, it's drifting in space The rest of you that still remain Guarding your memories, now sleep Running fast you're only A flash inside the pan Life will never, never be the same Time runs over The course of nature's way Spinning around you Millions of screams Deafen all your sanity Fast decay, no delay Minutes are lost in sublime Running fast you're only A flash inside the pain Life will never, never be the same Time runs over The course of nature's way All day you feel lonely Cause you know The years have gone by They'll never come again Life is overrated But who will ever know Life will never, never be the same Time runs over The course of nature's way War games inside your brain You got to fight alone Falling back, your sanity has gone Why'd you ever think that you could run away from pain? Sorry man, your tries were all in vain Wandering 'round like a phantom in the dark And you're waiting for the night to come Lunacy attacks and you struggle to hit back You'll be waiting for the morning sun I'm the voice commanding you Divided we're nothing – united we're breaking the rules I'm the voice commanding you Someday the madness will loose control… over you Dreaming on, you can fly in a never-ending story Where the sun will shine every passing day Free your mind, let your spirit go free into the night Let the minutes be gone and fly away Coming in and out the confusions in your mind Going crazy as the night moves on Playing with your head now you're wishing to be dead And you're praying for the dawn to come I'm the voice commanding you Divided we're nothing – united we're breaking the rules I'm the voice commanding you Don't let the madness assume control Over you, over you, over you I'll be there reminding who you are All the time with no escape You look inside the voice is calling you Take your chance it's never late I'm the voice commanding you Laying down the law Divided we're nothing – united we're breaking the rules I'm the voice commanding you Can't make me go away… I'm over you I will never surrender I'm commanding you Laying down the law over you A border line That you can't hide The voice commanding you I feel the pain but I'm afraid to cry All the time, desperate hiding tears My life is boring and I count the days On and on, woe is here to stay Only if God would show a sign for me Oh… Only if God could hold my begging hands This endless torture's building up my rage Holding on, hide my agony I'm getting weary just to be alive All I want is help!!! So, you dove into the dark beyond yourself? Lost your way to find the surface once again Insomnia will kill all your solemn nights… Oh! Haunting your despair!!! Sorrow made your life a living hell Lights are fading Caught inside the black-holed inner-self Ego painted grey… Insomnia will hold pleasures in a shell And your defiant stare!!! Sorrow made your life a living hell Lights are fading Caught inside the black-holed inner-self Ego painted grey… Into my mind It all came closer again Things that we say Sometimes throw the reason away And I know I've been less than a man There's a burning inside me since then I have cried for you Lost my pride for you Now that you are gone I can see the sun I have lied to you I have tried to do What you want me to What a perfect day to throw it all away Feelings disguised Are now coming to new life So many tears That have fallen down through your eyes I am only the shell of a man There's a burning inside me since then I have cried for you Lost my pride for you Now that you are gone I can see the sun I have lied to you I have tried to do What you want me to It's a perfect day to throw it all A perfect day to throw it all away Wasted time, nowhere left to go Peace of mind is what I find today Breaking ties from this lies you know Life has no meaning When you're out with me So don't let it go, you'll never know How many days and nights I have cried for you Lost my pride for you Now that you are gone I can see the sun I have lied to you I have tried to do What you want me to It's a perfect day to throw it all away Wishing to be dead when hope is gone Depreciating life when the days are looking bad Sick of being alive when everyone is vain Lost your hopes and now you fight against depression Cause life's hard for everyone just look all around you So why squander all your power on self-destruction Too proud to make amends Your faith, it all depends – hold on tight… Too scared to be alive? Salvation suicide calling me! A long way to hell My spoiled paradise has met this dead end Cause I live my life all on my own with pride Too proud to make amends Your faith, it all depends – hold on tight… Too scared to be alive? Salvation suicide haunting me! Get out of my way! Get out of my way! On my way to hell No doubts! You're the result of the chances you take Face the circumstance! Have you become who you wished to be? Resigning to what you loved and cared There's no way out! Memories will come to remind you some day How it could have been Through every door you will step in Another choice you're stuck between Don't look back. Just make your way ahead A window to nowhere The void in which I stare Now that I've come so far where do I go from here? Decision just came in time A new door is open You have to go again… decide! You finally realize The whole world you're facing The window of your life… good bye! A window to nowhere Wide-eyed in great despair Now that I've come so far where do I go from here? Life is drowned in fears The river of my tears Please hold my trembling hands before I go insane all again Look at my face Scars won't deny Alone again I start to cry Staring at me Too blind to see Open arms For all I give For all I take Inside of your heart So near so far I'm just a boy… like you Oh! Father I pray For your charity Wisdom for life Was all I needed Was all I wanted To share with you You know my heart Was not disguise Waiting for you So stay with me I'm now a man! You know! Come! Take a chance And give it all No harmful winds To whisper for Life is short, you know We can regret Healing wounds always help us to redress And with you I learned to live Come! Take a chance And give it all No harmful winds To whisper for Our time is short, you know Must we still regret? Healing wounds always make time to redress And I love you more each day Home you go tonight To break the sound of tears Life's fading To keep the world away Is not enough to ease the pain Time is passing by… Time is passing by; I see it in your eyes Fire burns inside A light that's caught between Night and day Sun's been set to die The supernova in your mind Time is passing by I see it in your eyes (repeat) Time is passing by I see it in these eyes (repeat) They tell me all! You can't deny It's in your eyes Visions disappear Memories of a dream Surrender Give them to the wind Deny your sorrow, live again Time is passing by I see it in your eyes (repeat) Time is passing by I see it in these eyes (repeat) They tell me all Time is passing by I see it in yours eyes (repeat) Time is passing by I see it in these eyes I see it in your eyes They tell me all! You can't deny You know you tell me lies Shaken out of liquid dreams you're under The hellfire-red, insane nightmares Is coming back inside Patiently you walk again Through the lane of a sandman's pain Inner urge, tough beliefs Is the way to a land of free Howling strong Shouting loud The fear should be cast out now! Awoken from a eternal sleep You're trembling In deadly black With painful eyes Delusion is back inside Cry for more To be sure And find your own real truth Let your heart out, put your soul in it! Time to fly away and let your mind go free No denying what this life should give From mistakes you learn to forgive Scream your heart out! Dig your soul in it Time to fly again and let your mind go free No denying what this life should give Building dreams of your hope is the key Feel the truth of your heart to relief From your dreams you will learn how to live Silent talks In a cold room, lost Thoughts are gone I'm alone Wonder why Why the faults were mine Should I promise this? Day by day I need you Hold you Can't my eyes just tell? Claim for pain Was it all in vain? New sad days to come Many smiles we've done Mourning face In an abandoned fate My mind is blind But I still believe The truth in shadows Lies at me Don't take my freedom Is all I've got Can't force my reason For lovers knot I'm lonely and lost Don't mistreat me Don't dismiss me In joy and sorrow Find a meaning Keep on dreaming It is so hard to learn Here I stand In a castle of sand Who can help me then? So now I see How nice it could be To rocket through the star Like a fire bullet through the sky Beautiful sight Silent and bizarre Wonder where you are Rocket like a bullet through the sky Circling on orbit through the night Peace of mind - not so far away Till I find my way back home So close to me Reaching out - to learn how good life is Living in a world like this So close to me Our blue marbles just a grain of sand And the universe is waiting for us there Out of this world.. Into the darkest night Hoping that I´m not alone People are lost on that solid ground And there´s something I want you to know We are slowly destroying this world No other planet Nowhere is better than here Into the night Out of this world Spinning around the night Seeing the people so small I see how much we have screwed our lives And there´s something I´m trying to say There'll be no second chance for our race Circled horizons Staring at our lonely world Into the night Like a fire bullet through the sky When I find my way back home  Time for your reflection What's the promise you have made? Destruction of your pride and reconstruction of my name You betrayed me where's your bravery? Now you face your doom Your fate will be traced by the spear that went tearing through When you hear the winds of revenge All of the distance and the chains You put around my damned soul Right now it's all finished I'm just building your new world While you navigate in peace And glance at lands you will control Bewitched you cannot see the route And hell where you will go When you hear the winds of revenge You will see the goddess crying And the boats will sink and now You play my secret game Arising Thunder! Welcome to me, you fall alone Stand up and face me in a fight! Drowning in tears deep in the storm Once again, once again! Go! Look out! Once again, Push! Once again! Out in the dark I roam onward to meet my fate Time's an illusion today Away from all I know, a trail that is filled with pain Feeling the lifeless taste ahead I wish for no more than air Flashes of clearness cross my eyes, disclosing power The tides will hurry my return Now in the blackness I see light, I will not cower I contemplate life with helpless faith Master of my design I am, awake from darkness Pages of wisdom turn, mind over matter reigns My fear won't lead me astray I seek the quiet night, over the crushing waves I imagine thoughts on golden rays and days when I'll rise again I am Awake from darkness A broken dignity an upsurge soon to be Within these books I find my hope and liberty I am Awake from darkness I! Where do you came from? I hear an angel song It seems to be a call, Eros's chant of love Take me through the storm When you came from afar It took so long Spirit brought me life, A passion at first sight Lend thy hand, my heart Nymphs dance around the isle A phantom screams and haunt me all the time Then you come Like an angel from the skies Princess of my dreams I wonder why you are gone Someday you'll return Where do you come from? Faraway? Beyond? Virgin as a diamond Precious like a child Lend thy hand, my heart We've got to believe we'll join our lives Over the vengeance, treason and lies We can be one, we can restart Forgive my mistakes (time will tell) Forgive my mistakes, someday Since I arrive on this shore I've seen all my past (someday) A new force come from the source A new lease of life Rise of the tides, breaking the hush Far in the distance it's heard Watery eyes, feelings disturbed Face the troubled waters Soaking the earth, kissing the sand Your feelings seem to overflow Running in streams, out of control A wave is on its way It will collide against your soul When your fears are all tumbling in disorder In the ocean of new emotions In the rage of the waters Wild surging, transformations, molding our lives It's the age of the waters Stirring up the patterns of our minds So long, it took me to learn Surging waves can take all your hope But when the torment ends, comes the calm There's no reason to despair, no! In the rage of the waters Where the tides are turning, feelings are running, molding our lives It's the age of the waters Boiling the fears we've kept inside, changing the direction of mankind Deep in the ocean, mermaids are crying Oh, Lord King of thunder, magic surrounds You Oh, Lord On the island, land of the elves of the hills Ariel's wind, blow the sails into a war Before You can say, "Spirit! Come and go!" My Lord I'll bring the tempest, I won't even question I'll be gone in a trip of a toe Inside of your rage, now I'm trapped again Cloven pine was my prison for a decade Groves and standing lakes Island of dreams where You reside Spirit of the air You throw your tricks and spells And claim for your freedom once denied It's no good watch the skies through someone else's eyes I'm a soul of freedom, Lord of the wisdom A creature of nature, I drag 'em to the ocean Through someone else's eyes... Enchanted by fierce desire Souls consumed with haunting fire An empty guarantee A stolen freedom Deceptive illusions rise Take the chance to mend your pride Been tortured and humbled Never again Lost in a maze of sounds Clarity escapes The whispers chase you away Numb and unaware Hollow, the world where you belong Lies you have believed for far too long Laid low, life has come undone Nothing stays the same, for time is all you own All you own Under a cold dead sky In the sea you'll learn what you must be Stretch for hell as you seek revenge Bear the scars of your inhuman rage Lost in a maze of sounds Clarity escapes The whispers chase you away Numb and unaware Hollow, the world where you belong Lies you have believed for far too long Laid low, life has come undone Nothing stays the same For time is all you own Empty spirit, hollow soul I always was a lower being Not much, I'm just a beast You might think I'm the lowest of the low But there is something you should know. Long before you came You'd have found me here, and never begged for your help This old land will be mine once again And all my sacrifice will be worth the price and never again I'll be a monster in your eyes You took my freedom: And shaped it into your servant You taught me your tongue Denying me the word Lord o' mine for so long Now comes the time to regain my land And Miranda will see All my sacrifice, will be worth the price And never again I'll be a monster in her eyes I'll be a monster in your eyes I'll be a monster in your eyes Please, be not afraid By this isle's sounds in your ears When I have waked, after a long sleep The clouds I was dreaming I cry to dream of again Lord o' mine for so long now comes the time to regain my land And Miranda will see All my sacrifice, will be worth the price Forever I'll say My stolen paradise Will be worth the price And no longer I'll be a monster in her eyes I'll be a monster in her eyes I'm just a monster in her eyes By the shore, on an island I can hear, our sea of sorrow With no harm with no disgrace I am planting the seeds of tomorrow In my circle I will reign I was left behind betrayed Oh yeah! Dark backward, abyss of time Right in front of my eyes Evil nature destroyed my trust All their scheming will end up as dust In my circle I will reign I will rise against my enemies Now come away to your master Bring through the air all your magic I'll bless and curse you till the end Set your whole self aflame Foolish visions in my angry dreams Bringing vengeance to my shore Now my wisdom shows a different scene There is not love for us all All this time my mind was in the past Furious footprints in this sand Now living has revealed at last All the weakness of a man Turbulent tides All the waters seem so rough Keep your faith because the calm will return I've been longing for this tide to turn Bringing vengeance to my shore Time has passed and this is what I've learned There is not love for us all All this time my mind was in the past Angry footprints in this sand Now living has revealed at last All the weakness of a man Our revels now are ended We were actors? We were spirits? Melted into air Now I lift my spell Forgiveness I embrace Heaven sent hell away All my life As a dream With open eyes I'll restart I was blind and deaf Until the day of wakening came I had faith in evil In his palace of no blame All this world around me I created on my own And now it's time To free this island and be gone All my life like ashes in my hand I'll forgive and prosper 'till the end The magic of stars now filling my heart Like a blaze Time, now it's time! Feels like ashes all my life! I'll restart I was blind and deaf Until the day of wakening came I had faith in evil In his palace of no blame All this world around me I created on my own And now it's time To free this island and be gone Lie at mercy all my enemies I'll forgive and leave across the sea We are such a stuff as dreams are made on Set me free I'll carry on! Carry on! This end is my start We are such a stuff as dreams are made on And I'm gone  There was a point When I was there Where I didn't want to be But I was there Escaping from a place i've been before I was myself, I was in me And from where I see and feel I saw a man who was afraid Of who he wished to be Nighttime is taking longer My hope will sabe me from despair Dragging me out of hell Hold on The miracle of life Will never be defined Calm down The minute you find love You're facing the light When I think I'm going deep I'm really going hollow I can see a newborn me Emerging from the bottom The two side of my brain Engage into a fight From the right the left is wrong And for the left, the left is right! The nightmare is growing stronger My hope will save me from despair Hold on The miracle of life Will never be defined Calm down The minute you find love You're facing the light Angels are calling out my name I'm so afraid now How can I know if I am sane o going mad? Hold on The miracle of life Will never be defined Calm down The minute you find love You're facing the light You're facing the light You're facing the light Christus rectus Anima nostro semen Oh, miserere nobis Gloria in excelsis Omnipotens dominus Primoris Agnus Dei Christus rectus Dona nobis pacem Now my monster is awake Had no tears for my mistakes Still I know I have a lot to learn I can see it through your eyes All your demons in disguise I'll protect myself on garden heart Won't be a fool no more Won't fall into your trap You control your evil side And I do the same with mine Just a one to lead control of me Won't fall into your curse I see you everywhere Go! Black hearted soul! Won't you fly all away from tonight? Find your way through the rainbow of darkness Go on to light! Won't you go? Black hearted soul? You will fly all away from our dream Find your way through the rainbow of darkness Go on to light! You take the time to find a way And through it seems so clear A silent wonder still remains Is there more for me to learn? Massive universe, save me once again All the answers only led us to the edge A final light never came and never will So we fall and rise and walk again The matter still prevails The final light is the path and not the end It's not the end I take my time to understand The matter in my hands On an ordinary day Mystery veiled by the dawn Presents itself again A never fading flame All the answers only led us to the edge A final light never came and never will So we fall and rise and walk again The matter still prevails The final light is the path and not the end It's not the end All the answers only led us to the edge A final light never came and never will So we fall and rise and crawl again The question still remains The final light is the path and not the end All the answers threw us back from where we came This final light is the path and not the end It's not the end Wake up my friend Today life will show the answers It's time for you to face the risk Dark clouds will go away They know your fears Cause your mind can't hide connections And disturb the harmony For you to let it fade Let it out, let it go Grab the chances You've been waiting for so long Let it out, take control Find your way towards The places you belong Wake up my friend You're in charge of your connections It's time for you to face the day Dark clouds have gone away All the past you had no harm Or maybe never seem to care The minute you wake up Let it out, let it go Grab the chances You've been waiting for so long Let it out, take control Find your way towards The places you belong I'll wait 'till the storm of emotions Changes it's tides Afraid that the strong clouds of sorrow Will haze my side and blind my eyes Let it out, let it go Grab the chances You've been waiting for so long Let it out, take control Find your way towards The places you belong Let it out, let it go Grab the chances You've been waiting for so long Let it out, take control Find your way towards The places you belong Just wait the chances you've been waiting for so long Please wait and find your Way towards the places you belong You always come to me, moaning through the years About your past. And strange as it may seem, it never came to you, The way ahead Fears you try to hide, hurting deep inside You can't deny the past! Tears of a violet sky Lost in the fallen rain Seasons pass me by, the everlasting circle, A wicked plan Is it the destiny? Was it meant to be? It will not matter anymore Please, it's time to break the chains The past you cannot change Time to let it go Things you try to hide, hurting deep inside You have to live behind! Tears of a violet sky Lost in the fallen rain Dead roses hear my cry Flowing in vain Fears you try to hide burning deep inside You can't deny the past! Rinnega il tuo passato Risplendi nell' oscuritá Stella senza etá Riflessi di passioni Celate tra le tenebre Raggio di luce A moonlit sky The pale light unveils the secret path Gates covered in roses Hide a silent place I hear you breathe Sighs in the wind are leading me into paradise I come for you I will forever return Angels will call our names They take us into the garden of dreams And when your eyes meet mine The light you shine will never die Sing with me The lullaby that sets me free All my fears fading Your sweet embrace Talk to me Make all my sorrows disappear In my black hours I come to you I will forever return Angels will call our names They take us into the garden of dreams And when your eyes meet mine The light you shine will never die Angels will call our names They take us into the garden of dreams And when your eyes meet mine The love we share will never die Come Meet me tonight Come to our secret garden Hide With me, hide in your arms Hold me forever Come Meet me tonight Come to our secret garden Hide with me, hide by your side Hold me forever Here in your arms Angels will call our names They take us into the garden of dreams And when your eyes meet mine The light that shines will never die Angels will call our names They take us into the garden of dreams And when your eyes meet mine The light that shines will never die The light you shine will never die You've been there for so long. Have you found all the choices you have? Once you know what to do, Have your thoughts on the way you behave Open your eyes now. Don't be afraid Find the connection knowing yours and others' fate Call it divine or call it insane I say life is flowing much beyond your veins Take the best that you have Realize that your talents are there What you aim for so much Tell me, why do you want it so bad? Open your eyes now. Don't be afraid Find the connection knowing yours and others' fate Call it divine or call it insane I say life is flowing much beyond your veins The father the star The tinier the grain of sand They came from the same start And will be led towards the same end What's the image of you? Exactly how do you picture yourself? Open your eyes now. Don't be afraid Find the connection knowing yours and others' fate Call it divine or call it insane I say life is flowing much beyond your veins Much beyond the time, far beyond the space Something you can feel within but never understand These days I can not find A way back of the dark I lost my senses In my reflection a shadow of the man I'm just a stranger to myself No, the silence, is coming! Please don't cry again Please don't shed the tear 'Cause I can't bear to face what I did Let me take your hand Please let me back to your side In your eyes I see what I've become! This room without you Becomes way too small I feel its crushing my brain My broken mirrors, glass on the floor Scattered pieces of my soul! No, the silence, keeps coming! Please don't cry again Please don't shed the tear 'Cause I can't bear to face what I did Let me take your hand Please let me back to your side In your eyes I see the man I am! Don't hide your face, don't hide away Oh don't you hide from me! I look to you for my relief Please take me out of here! I came to my wrong turn I failed bid you to give me fate So hear me! Please don't cry again Please don't shed the tear 'Cause I can't bear to face what I did Let me take your hand Please let me back to your side In your eyes I seal the man I am Now all the secrets you have learned Got to be shared with everyone around It's by your acts that the things that you know Turn into facts and build a bridge of love. And once you understand So simple and profound The future's in your hands Go spread the word around Stars are calling you With a message to the world Telling how our soul will survive Perfect symmetry Give the message to the world Share your love and reach for the skies Why do you refuse to trust? Your tiny mind against the universe And all the rest of you Who are laughing at me now What's said might not be true Go see what will be found Stars are calling you With a message to the world Telling how our soul will survive Perfect symmetry Give the message to the world Share your love and reach for the skies I find myself lost in the Swedish night Sunset it's crying in the sky Suddenly I see a new horizon And I began to wonder why? New day, sunrise Sound the trumpets of the dawn Far away, for a while I hear the angels Silent Call Oooh, the Silent Call All the answers to this dubious mysteries In the magic midnight sun I got an old bag full of recent memories Many laughs and many cries New day, sunrise Sound the trumpets of the dawn Far away, for a while I hear the angels Silent Call Oooh, the Silent Call Oooh, Spread my wings and fly Only guided by faith Through the darkness or light May have the "whys?" It's always the same It's always there Night and Day The Silent Call  Sorry, you're nothing but an illusion You're just a mind projecting our world Worries are nothing but conclusions Worries are lies deterring your rebirth You are the silent bliss Behind the abyss of thoughts Of conscious mind Sorrow are faces on the mirror Billions are hearts and names ethereal You are the quiet dream That's always been before the seeds of time Shed all the fears And trust the universe Light of transcendence The real perfection It's all in your hands To trust the universe Light of transcendence The human conception comes A brand new world Conception comes! Blind your eyes The journey is beginning Hold on tight We're heading to past times Feel how your brain is distorting All you see I have been shouting your name But you just can't hear Listen to me! I'm your guide Approaching from the future Be prepared To fly above the rainbow Know that your mind is distorting All you feel Jumping from places in time You have never been Now come along with me! Riding faster than the speed of light Flash throught the skies Towards forever We'll bring a message that can save mankind Open your minds Cause we are the travelers of time I have been sailing in a dream You can take me through this door Eternally! There's so many places we can go Let's get moving on! We're riding faster than the speed of light Flash through the skies The age of forever We'll bring a message that can save mankind Open your minds We are the travelers of time Flash through the skies Riding the rainbow's eye Open your minds Cause we are the travelers of time Let me tell a little tale Maybe you have heard about Black Widow spider is on the wall Weaving a silken web Patiently works her thread Quiet she lies there waiting for your time to fall I was fooled by your false adulation Just another bait that fell into your trap Stop your whining of victimization 'Cause you know well how to differ crap from gold The Black Widow's web She silently waits for a chance Once you're caught she gets hold of your life You are mine Then her poison will make you blind The Black Widow's web She'll be carefully spreading her net You have nowhere to hide, she will find you Better run from me Tempting your worse desires When I turned on my device of alienation You were draining out all my identity You're not obligated, social isolation And you are trapped by your own vanity The Black Widow's web She silently waits for a chance Once you're caught she gets hold of your life Better run from me Then her poison will make you blind You can't hide The Black Widow's web She'll be carefully spreading her net You have nowhere to hide, she will find you You can't hide Tempting your worse desires 'Cause you're mine Your need for attention made your blind Now your identity is mine She may look so innocent You are fooled by charming eyes Better face the consequence From her reckless heart Don't be frightened little one I never meant to harm you Trust me now come closer here And taste my kiss of death The Black Widow's web She silently waits for a chance Once you're caught she gets hold of your life Better run from me Then her poison will make you blind You can't hide You better face the fact That no matter how fast you react She will always be there to strike you Enticing your worst desire 'Cause you're mine Black Widow spider is on the wall Weaving a fragile web Patiently works her thread Quiet she lies there waiting For your time to fall Insania Will trap you there Insania Meet the dead I was just a normal guy in this crazy world Strange like most everyone around me Struggling to survive my senseless days 'Til I found this curious gateway Dragged inside I thought I'd go insane I tried to reach the doors, but I knew it was too late Insania Insania will trap you there Reality is torn apart The living ones will meet the dead Insania Where gravity won't hold you down And everyone is free to fly When passing through the open gates It's a sight you can't conceive, in a dream reality It's a space that blows your mind when you enter Once you're there you'll know there is no return And the walls keep falling down in front of me Terrified my feet had no control Try your way out, there's nowhere to run Insania Insania will trap you there Reality is torn apart The living ones will meet the dead Insania Where gravity won't hold you down And everyone is free to fly When passing through the open gates Imagine a world where we walk High above the ground You'll find all the cities floating in the clouds Where people are transparent Our minds are transcendent We all will be blessed until the end Insania, insania Please let me in Behind your walls Insania Insania will trap you there Reality is torn apart The living ones will meet the dead Insania Where gravity won't hold you down And everyone is free to fly When passing through the open gates This anxiety Drills a hole within my soul How did I get here? In the ruins of my own Oh, I guess I'll never know Stabbing agony Cutting words off from my throat I've been falling so deep In the bottom of my soul? I've been drowning here In the waters of my pain How could I crawl so low To the bottom of my soul Evil scenery Quiet needles thrust my eyes And there's nothing I can do Deep inside it hurts The blood is bitter in my mouth While I'm sinking down in the mud Stabbing agony Cutting words off from my throat I've been falling so deep In the bottom of my soul? I've been drowning here In the waters of my pain How could I crawl so low To the bottom of my soul I'm down in the mud At the bottom of my soul Stabbing agony Cutting words off from my throat I've been falling so deep In the bottom of my soul? I've been drowning here In the ocean of my hurt Where have I lost my wings To the bottom of my soul This anxiety In the ruins of my own… Trumpets cry warnings from heaven "The virgin dressed with the sun With the moon on her feet On her head a garland of twelve stars Then, being with a child she cries for the birth of a King" War Horns the sign of the times Break through the silent cries Petrified, I'm facing the rapture Choking on tears, the prophecy fulfills The angels come announcing the gathering The wages of sin are for all who live to see War Horns the sign of the times Break through the silent cries Visions from prophets unveiled All burns in the lake of fire "Fire will be raining from the sky The sun will be darkened, The moon will not give its light The stars will fall And the powers of heaven are shaken That's when the Son of Man Will arise in the clouds" War Horns the sign of the times Break through our silent cries Visions from prophets unveil All burns in the lake of fire Olha o macaco na árvore Ó outro naquele galho Onde que eu não tô vendo? Embaixo daquela flor Who are you? Quem quer matar o diabo? Atire a primeira pedra Who are you? Who are you? When I realized that we all will die Like prisoners inside this cave A thunder of truth have torn down the walls That I couldn't stop to gaze As the night went so cold Darkness and fire Reflecting a world Of inner desire Quem vai matar o macaco? Hey, você quer um martelo? Who are you? Silence your mind Let me inside No reason to be afraid Feelings that burn From thoughts without words Just shadows of real things As the seasons went on You survived through the days And now you've grown strong You can break all these chains Crossing the border line Beyond the knowledge of man One simple step A giant leap for mankind Crossing the border line The world outside the cave Reaching the light The future starts today If you come close I'll tell you a little secret The best ones you can learn from are your enemies When it comes to know and defeat your weakness You need to be the hunter and the prey Remembering the days We would be lying on the grass out in the sun Felt good to be friend back then But now we've built a fence of differences Now please present me what I've lost And I'll portray your failures So that we can be complete It's like a magic mirror Colliding mind's reflection They are the sacred window Reveals the other side So be the magic mirror The other eye's perception They are the sacred window Grant that light to shine You and I know what's the best for both of us Even though our thoughts are not the same Living in worlds That might be slightly different Let us build a bridge, unite our ways! Always remembering the days We would be lying on the grass out in the sun So, every time you point your fingers You deny your own mistakes Now who's the one to blame? I see the magic mirror Colliding mind's reflection They are the sacred window Reveals the other side So be the magic mirror The other eye's perception They are the sacred window Grant that light to shine If I could command the wind I would make it blow a whisper to you On a soft and quiet breeze 'Cause I see what you're going through If I could convince the angels I would have them blowing Words of wisdom in your ears With the dinging sound of bells Just to make you understand what I mean That there's always more There's always more Always more to learn There's always more Always more There's always more to know 'Cause there's always a reason There's always a way There's always a better word to say And there's always an answer There's always a why There's always a chance to give a try Always more, always more There's always more to know Always more, always more Always more to love, to live, to cry, to sing… 'Cause there's always a reason There's always a way There's always a better word to say So let's say you have answers So let's say you know why Let's say you have reached the final line There'll always be a way And always more to learn Always more for us… You realize, silence inside, free from time and space Echo the horns and thus we reborn in glory No surprise, mesmerized, the new flow… The miracle of love On the edge of the world Expands in and out the horizon of ØMNI's infinity On the edge of the world The madness of love Ashes blown as the sun goes down like dying ember There goes life unbroken 'n' fragile, around the OMNIverse The limits of void back the source where we belong Hold your breath, be quiet, receive Be sure of nothingness Certain and calm, beneath the tides, you cross the line From the bounds, sparkling skies are crimson The miracle of love On the edge of the world Expands in and out the horizon of ØMNI's infinity On the edge of the world The madness of love Ashes blown as the sun goes down like dying ember …Leaves a silence inside Neutron stars are now colliding Bursting somewhere in the sky Every day we're better on destroying What love and chaos organize Can't our God be wrong? The miracle of love On the edge of the world Expands in and out the horizon of ØMNI's infinity On the edge of the world The madness of love Ashes blown as the sun goes down like dying ember The miracle of love The madness of love Our mirrors collide, the trumpets shall cry as the walls fall down  When I was a little girl I called for you Come and save me from this Wicked world I'm born into! Lets play a game of hide and seek I want my prince to rescue me From the evil lurking at my door My destiny, my fantasy I'm calling, I'm calling Was tempted by a mystery I called to you, only for you My dreams are all for me He'll move the sun and stars, no fallacy I'm dauntless when I'm with you Childlike dreaming, I call for you! When I'm all alone A damsel in distress He'll come and save me from this Wicked world I'm born into! He rides the night, defeats the storm We'll sneak away, by early dawn To his kingdom in the sky! My destiny, my fantasy I'm calling, I'm calling Was tempted by a mystery I called to you, only for you My dreams are all for me He'll move the sun and stars, no fallacy I'm dauntless, when I'm with you Childlike dreaming, I call for you! Let his holy choirs sing in sodomy, praise be! Surrender your body and soul unto him Demoralize me! So he crept into my room Whispered my name, took my innocence away I'm only five, a perverts concubine God has a plan for us all I've been touched by the hand of god My sordid tale, his lies are blasphemy You do not believe in him, but he believes in you He wants you to repene all your sins Let him in, inside you! God has a plan for us all You are one of gods children Get on your knees, serve him well my child I've fallen prey to the devil in disguise God has a plan for us all Don't say a word or you'll go to hell God has a plan for you all Open up for him! Let Jesus in! His sordid tale, his lies are blasphemy! Did I want to live Within the empty space My sleep numbed my pain Now I'm awake My sanity has gone Little girl screams For life's release Don't hold me back I want to fall Little girl pleads For life's disease To mourn away my soul Did I want to die Pain consumed me inside Heaven on my tongue Drunk down with suicide Beyond self control My urge has gone Little girl screams For life's release Don't hold me back I want to fall Little girl pleads For life's disease To mourn away my soul Time does not heal A shame so surreal Little girl screams For life's release Don't hold me back I want to fall Little girl pleads For life's disease To mourn away my soul Glass eyes stare, when tempted by A smile for the unknown, headrush Like the river wild I see in your eyes a reflection of Something forbidden Unleashed by a lie you inspired I live in your shadow, your secret Betrayal I clutch in my hand Deception was not your intention Deity of disgust I was destined to take plague to my grave Dug by my self pity Captured by the thrill of my prey Young skin so addictive Falling faster than rain Can't control this craving Not that I feel the need to I live in your shadow, your secret Betrayal I clutch in my hand Deception was not intention Deity of disgust I shall scream in silence I'll cry but not shed a tear I shall speak with no sound I shall hurt with no pain Your heart's as black as the night On my death bed I'll crawl You hold the breath to my life Something dies within My soul whispers your name Are you there? Ocean of my fears I shall drown for you Inhibitions die, with your blinding light I yearn for you now Taste me, bleed me dry Time cire slow like mourning Without you in my sight Something burns within me Deep within my eyes You'll twist and turn your spite 'Til you drain the sane Cover up your tracks with lies Deceit hides a smile So tired of this false pretence Can't even look me in the eye Approached by truth, you take offence Praise the hypocrite! I'll dance on your grave until my feet bleed Six feet under's where you'll rot No remorse, your ill fate kept you running What lies behind closed doors Your slaves dance, you stamp your feet Secrecy will land you on your face No game, no gain Your sheer presence makes my skin crawl But your stale memory drags on What goes around comes around I'll dance on your grave until my feet bleed Six feet under's where you'll rot No remorse, your ill fate kept you running We'll spit on your grave until your soul screams Six feet under's not deep enough No sleep lost, good things come to those who wait Hate the reflection that I see Wish I could claw... away... my skin Demons won't let me flee my minds tragedy Don't label me, not a minority Society created me First cuts the neatest, I didn't feel a thing Don't show me your pity Second cuts the deepest, a release from within Don't try to analyse me Carve pretty pictures of hatred Avert your eyes, my artwork doesn't lie Refuse to acknowledge me I'm not what you want to see So inject and study me Pump me with hypocrisy Third cuts the longest, I just lost control No doctor can save me Fourth cuts the boldest, I've an eye for detail Don't try to admit me My condition has no name It's not like I'm insane Redirect your empathy My body's my vengeance I'm addicted to pain No one understands me Everything happens for a reason Everything you love turns to dust Everything you touch yearns for poison Your eyes lust too much I tried so hard to control my mind To remain true to you Thrashing the waints of innocence inside But no desire to restrain myself I hate to love but love to hate What did I do to deserve all this from you? I can't believe you turned us into this! It's far from beauty and the beast, our saga ends Disgust! I trust you will burn in hell! Acquiescence, my gift to you But on my knees, I'll never do Take your path hand in hand Like a fool, I follow you Bleak I seem, now to you Within your eyes, I am nothing new Your heinous crime, watch my decline Your vicious lips revolt me What did I do to deserve all this from you? I can't believe you turned us into this It's far from beauty and the beast, our saga ends Disgust! I trust you will burn in hell! Each morning I prayed My mirror displayed my disgrace From the anger, bruised upon my face Dragged through the halls Your cycle reborn Lose your grip on life Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Relive your nightmares through us Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Unleash your pain and punish us Reach out to you, you raise your iron fist Betrayed, not raised, dismissed! Your loveless life, no heart warming twist Neglect, your deflect! Forced to shy away Dragged, we will fall Corruption reborn Lost your grip on life Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Relive your nightmares through us Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Unleash your pain and punish us Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Dismantle what's laid before you Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Drive us insane and banish us I stand in the distance I view from afar Should I offer some assistance? Should it matter who you are? We all get hurt by love And we all have our cross to bear But in the name of understanding now Our problems should be shared Confide in me, Confide in me Confide in me, Confide in me I can keep a secret And throw away the key But sometimes to release it Is to set out children free We all get hurt by love And we all have our cross to bear Confide in me, Confide in me Confide in me, Confide in me I wish you could be All you ever dreamed Move on, no regrets Try to be the absolute best Stand on your own You can make it, be someone With the war in your head That's what the wise lady said! There'll be times, when you can't face The weary lights of the day But be strong and believe You can be anything you wish to be Don't let your fears hold you back Life isn't meant to be easy Find justice for what you lack Time will heal the scar Be proud of who you are Taste the fantasies that you dread That's what the wise Lasy said! I came from nothing, here I am! I won the war in my head! A face that stuns me Sends my soul into shock A voice that numbs me Re-directs my destiny Did I try to run before I could walk? Seems you place the blame on our demise Did my emotions cloud my judgement? Your world of lies, I knew the truth! So you think you know what´s good for me? That's why you turned your back? I hope you die, internally For every tear I cry, I cried alone This lame excuse, you give me Am I expected to except this? I hear you say "You don´t need me! Move on, your better off without me"! Did you try to run before you could walk? I shall place the blame on our demise Did your emotions cloud my judgement? I lived a lie, You knew the truth! So you think you know,whats good for me? That's why you closed that door? I hope you live, Regretfully! Knowing what you lost, You lost me I brought you heaven, You gave me hell Your anger shut me out I know you wont forget, that final kiss I hope it burns inside  I see the chapel stare at me What Evil doings are done by that shrine Rites of hatred is at hand Curse are the one who enter An ancient evil is waiting in there It's around this castle Join with the dead or prepare to be sacrificed Enter these halls and accept your own death Or stay outside to be untouched and alone In this evil place, the place to find wicked darkness The castle is calling to me "Welcome in!" I can't resist thee "I shall grant you peace!" Oh, numinous castle "I am no fiend!" Please, let me be! Oh no! Your holy cross is doomed Doomed to hell Feel the spirits dwell In this evil chapel Only the black candles is alive Only evil is welcome in here Only evil is true I am floating in darkness My fate is true In endless agony I will realise my defeat My soul is now lost Haunted by the thrusting dead I am lurking in the shadows, but there is no hope For my dying veins My life is forsaken The words of ancient times My anguish is deep My soul eternal bleed The black moon burns my fate I start to realise the end is near I am a living dead fiend I can eternally feel I can eternally see Through the moon and the sun I can now eternally feel I can eternally see Through the moon and the sun I'm a living dead fiend The dawn of doom The obscure presence of him None can see his imperialistic path Flawless in all its shapes Shameless in all its actions She can see the signs Also hidden in the white mist Able to follow he who dwells But unable to conquer As the serpent manifest The stench of deceit reeks For this is a kingdom of None A limitless plane where no one reigns The snake of Obscura hunts For the entity of greatest might Our father, our sun observes He knoweth what to happen With no success the serpent draws back The vicious and the wise comes forth To slay the weak reptile And empty its blood With the blood of the serpent flowing With their own, its knowledge is now theirs She, with her already great wisdom ascend He, knower of Death descend into oblivion Both now opened up With nothing obscured And with thrusting might Both breathing disgust for each Victims of the occult meaning With every angle and shape so perfected Invincible in all its forms Targets for the other gods Flexible like fluid and strong as gravity From the chaos womb they descend Through celestial gates they feed On all that lives, and that are dying Dematerialized spheres and black stars Marks their presence on this cosmic altar From the seas, from the earth, from the dark beyond A mockery against the cosmic creation Tearing atom from particle Waves from Sound Horror from fear Cutting the strings of existence The Chaos Judge One dark winter night Lying dead in the blazing cold Like cocaine so imperialistic white A magickal scent, horrific to hold A repugnant vision, stiffened Its shell flashed red as fire The dead eyes alive, observing She has seen the malign of the liar Hsiugna With her tongue and her tail This Daemon binds herself to me From a dimension far she hail Giving a warning for all to see Death is coming Far away in a violent world A phenomenon is escalating A vast belief of sacred healing Rather a wish to die for nothing The legion of magicians assembles beyond They aim at the numinous altars of madness As the travelling party enters the dominion The akrolytes of the altars of madness reacts Stumbling across watery tombs and rotted graves One man figures out the meaning about the mist A coversation between him and the moon is born The birth of an invocation which decipher the words Initiation is now complete The mystical magick of the altar will now be released Darkness will run like blood by your feet Chaos troops and doom are now unleashed Every dimension lies in strong fundamental kaamos All because of the womb of equivalent damnation Silence  I saw my family burn the fire rose to the sky The flame of every concern Her eyes pierced As my emotions screamed why Illuminous she was illusive Midst the flames she stood The first time I saw her Siugnah God of Fox Along the flames she licked Enchanting fangs The first time I saw her Midst the flames she stood Siugnah, God of Fox Inferno burned in my head Emotions at breaking point As she killed my pack I threw myself at her aggressively But she embraced me Filled me with love of disorder At the gallows of the edge Points a star towards a deep At the bottom of this demon a land with no end stands Gruesome is the keeper The Chaos Judge will demand And visitors have to call Otherwise the veil won't hold and the gods of damnation will berserk Feeding on the creation Casting a shadow over universal law When the ancients dare to walk When the ancients dare to walk Upon the ever changing laws Feeding on the creation Casting a shadow over universal law And Siugnah wrecks havoc on the last standing Gruesome is the keeper The Chaos Judge will demand And visitors have to call Otherwise the veil won't hold When the ancients dare to walk Upon the ever changing laws When the ancients dare to walk I am floating in darkness My fate is true In endless agony I will realize my defeat My soul is now lost Hunted by the thrusting dead I am lurking in shadows But there is no hope for my dying veins My life is forsaken The word of ancient time is upon me My life is ending faster then it My anguish is deep My soul eternal bleed The black moon burns my fate I start to realize the end is near I am a living dead fiend I can eternally feel I can eternally see through the moon and the sun I can now eternally feel I can eternally see through the moon and the sun I am a living dead fiend The dawn of doom Vaults of the obsolete Cathedral of the elite Tones from the deepest of space Showing the nature of Her The myth revealed And the magick sealed Tearing dreams apart In the Lair of Gods Reaper of the abyss Challenging the throne A coat of burning fur and ears of drone Cold paws pound the ground Falling stars crushing down Upon the roof of gods to die Underneath a soylent green sky Aftermath of a shaking universe Nothing left to preserve Doomsday will reign upon the world Wicked eyes that now see Rules the creation No more lair for dead gods One day you saw a man You brought it to be someone you know Night after night you dream of a fox The beast covered in blood For months you see the man And dream of the fox Your mind covered in death Until the day you can not sleep Sleepless you lie And in solitude you die Fr the deepest regrets And the sentinels a path has been set The candles are lit Lights black as carbon The reaper's blade sharpened Eyes, fangs and burning fur Enough can never be enough A prayer for a prayer Gaining more to your consensus root For the millions of years That you will exist Henceforth, the demon inside Sheds it skin Transparent you will become Before this demon tranquil The veil, the veil, the veil Urgent to prevail Gaze through the mirrors of sail And she'll strike you eyes All the strength she can bring While she vibrates a chaotic string The veil, the veil, the veil The veil, obsessed by this veil The veil, the veil, the veil Urgent to prevail The veil, the veil, the veil Urgent to prevail Obsessed by this veil With the might of her voice, she'll sing Like a thermal wave, wiping mind clean Erased and replaced, gaze upon her face The veil, the veil, the veil Obsessed by this veil Enough can never be enough Mark my words I saw the chapel, stare at me What evil doings are done by that shrine Tiles of hatred are upon me Cursed are the ones who enter An ancient evil is waiting there Surrounding this castle Join with the dead or prepare to be sacrificed Enter this halls and accept your own death or stay outside to be untouched and alone In this evil place, the place to find wicked darkness The castle is calling to me WELCOME IN I can't resist thee I WILL GRANT YOU PEACE Oh numinous castle I AM NO FIEND Please let me be Ooh no! Your hole cross is doomed Doomed to hell Feel the spirits dwell In this evil chapel Only the black candles are alive Only evil are welcome in here Only evil are true  Foundation of flesh and star Looting the pool of matter Citing the stench of vibration As clouds form the flowing paste of migration Faster than life it succumbs In that instant flash Limb by limb views dawn Singing clash between hammer and anvil Embers of the ever-burning Fueling the factorys creation As the smithing sons hammer rave To save this tribe from wandering astray Through this sea of doom His anger on this world Will manifest in such way That the vibrant veil will be torn and caved Singing steel, River of life sail away Crawling cold, reaping fire The dark sea of mystery There you stand, mythic elder Markarian Furnace, you liar Distant burn, celestial steel From the Markarian Furnace The hammer's feel Born of fire, lived by flames Markarian furnace, relieved be thy names Upon the face of planets, mark the stars Be not the end, but nurture the wars Feed the fallos, with the greed For conflicts to come, plant the seed Crawling cold, reaping fire The dark sea of mystery There you stand, mythic elder Markarian Furnace, you liar I hear you from the depths You whisper to me The light you'll never see What do you mean? I murdered him I murdered him There he lies, smiling kneeing next to him It is her, staring at me Madness madness I only see madness She should not be What does this mean? Laughter echoes in me It is not her, not him But me, laughing grim The war stopped, they all see Witchkings never die I should have known His allegiance is malign did I not see the signs I murdered him There he lies, smiling kneeing next to him It is her, staring at me Time be your enemy Weather be your god Death be your contingency Night be your ally Above Peak's Fall he dreams A behemoth gazing at the stars rising above For thousands of years of wondering and the choir of Peak's Fall will holler Thundering voices of deities The seasons chant in the evening sun as day fades into darkness shadows engulf the mountain washing over the castle somnambulance Five hundred years has passed the ancient folk of Fall The awakening of the slumbering one, forgotten The choir long has ceased Malevolent eyes flash open Staring wild around Early it wakes in oblivion To a non existing sound The peaks silence was deafening to which it lost its mind break open the mountain wall and shake the world with its roar The seasons chant in the evening sun as day fades into darkness shadows engulf the mountain washing over the castle Upon this land eternal winter hammers Desolation crawl across the summit growling for ever and ever This region of malevolence And its soil depleted Mountains dominate Peak's Fall died, but its master never could Be horned kings gather a congregation of dark vivid sea marks the border as black gates whimper Lord of tyrants hail the end of sunshine's reign "Broken be that jail" decomposed into grain Rigor mortis within the hold Crushed by the arcane misfits Infinite black, hexagon in gold furious embers of green and purple rise with monolith's towards the suns The golden kings oscilate and moans with voices deeper than a thousand crypts Deconstructing a million years of creation Decomposing the work of the architect fallen agents of the suns bleed as the one they call blind, undo worlds Life turns to stone, in the sea of Vol Darkness has fallen Upon the acolytes of Golden Kings "Your kings are dead" I hear the heavy breathing the tongues of fire and the eyes of stone with a stare of death From the sea of stone to the twilight zone I fled with teeth biting my neck I am hunted across the lands I stole the heart of the world The one thing untouchable, they said But she showed me a way, ave Siugnah Gave me purpose, a new way Wanderers avoid me, villagers fend me off Because of the apparel that I bear None of this is of my concern as long as I wield the Woven Shield regardless of the blackened marks it makes Deities of this world has got focused eyes this shift of force has not gone unseen They grow restless Seas and rivers I command, but oceans are beyond control Forests and grass with iron fists I rule But mountains I shall not master All this power onto me bestowed the woven shield has on me grown "The beast of Peak's Fall is awake The ocean lord sharpens his spear The Chaos Judge be harkening The hawks take flight, eagerly watching" But the keeper of the shield already hunts beings of the earth, of stone and magic I can feel the clash of sharp claws Breaking ground in haste, in rage With all eyes focused I run I turn for her assistance She moves and appear I can hear her sing beyond the veil But then she laugh Cold cavity, dark I am all alone I am one, dying We are no legion I poured all resources into the well of life And nothing I get in return My still living eye observes it all The whole consensus of the divine (construct) I am all alone I hear their cries We used to be one I am all alone The bearer of the demons head, they call me The northern shining one, they say She is no more, the Archdemon I can still hear her laugh, alone Unable to move, unable to sing I am all alone, silenced by the veil shackled by the massive being I behold his eye, staring at her head Angry I burn Soulless I die Worshipped I am A burning god I behold and there is light When I spit beings die Alone, in the casket I lie The stare of eternity It burns, I feel it We all used to be one Now they all stare Alone they stare I am all alone I hear their cries We used to be one I am all alone By the banner of gods Under a watchful moon As the winds chant on The sky pillar rose Without fear and regret With blood on their souls Until the end they met As the eternal ghouls The Snow-Hammer forged In the caverns of hellfire By acolytes of gods The Snowhammer forged Against the other gods Let them be crushed See them be bled Make them crawl in excrement Kill the flames Artifact, Snow-Hammer Strike upon, Snow-Hammer Drench the land, SnowHammer Slay the gods, Snow-Hammer Choke the fire, Snow-Hammer Guide us forth, Snow-Hammer Show us doom, Snow-Hammer Let them know, Snow-Hammer Be gone, Archdemon Please, show them the answer to what is things to come they might be blind to the convict The master of the peak's ignores Show to them the hammer bane of gods be gone Asphyxiator of flames the artifact of old Cold Let them be crushed See them be bled Make them crawl in excrement Kill the flames Be gone, Archdemon  If Thor's hammer is high above the rest All the Gods are shivering they know there'll be a test The flying monsters with Gorgon as their leader Are leading to destruction Eros is fighting either A giant collision is like Damocles his sword They're fussing and fighting just for fun when they get bored When Giants collide the lightning is flashing And wrathful Gods swords are clashing A giant collision is like Damocles his sword They're fussing and fighting just for fun when they get bored If Thor's hammer is high above the rest All the Gods are shivering they know there'll be a test When giants collide the lightning is flashing And wrathful Gods swords are clashing Always felt there was something going on I never knew that the feeling was so strong People are melting away It's the cause of nuclear ray Well cities are blowing away Politicians not able to stay They all go to their shelter And the people on earth yes they meet Hell Love is the meaning of life Don't throw it away no no you won't survive Learned man not able to stay Don't throw it away no no you won't survive Love is the meaning of life Don't throw it away no no you won't survive H-bomb we died at last Life was not meant for us no no no not for us The heavy weight warriors are ready for their attack When dawn breaks through soldiers will be back What can it be this night It's the march of the undead army The heavy weight warriors are ready for their attack When dawn breaks through soldiers will be back Out from the undead their bodies became awake Their victims get slaughtered let there be no mistake The march of the undead is seen with fear Monster man take over your death is near The march of the undead is seen with fear Monster man take over your death is near The holy soldiers are creeping at night Are out for blood but they can't stand the light The Hounds of Hell crawl back into their holes At sunrise the undead will steal your soul Many long years ago Love at first sight So nice what she had to show Blond hair hips so nice Made love on through the night Loved rough hold on tight Years passed by long nights we shouted Now it is it's finally out Wake up in the night Reaching out she's not there My sweet why did we fight Oh so angry she didn't beware Many long years we hold on tight It's over now I began the feeling's right Now he's rich and shouts out loud I'm happy it's finally out She slammed the door Couldn't take anymore He didn't care Why didn't she beware Run through the Heaven Gates Everybody knows it is time Run so you won't be late It's all over our time The Gates are open for you and for me Please don't you worry war you'll never see Hell is for bad Heaven will make you feel glad Let the rage begin They've already let us in The Gates are open for you and for me Let's go to Heaven then you will see Sweet woman can you give me some wine Alcohol is nice and I love to feel fine Sweet lady is there something to feel high Sex is nice but it's sensation that I like I touch the sky The Moon and the Sun are not that high I'm totally burning out Oh I hope it will never stop Lost control Sweet woman will you bring me high I'm in Heaven and the stars pass me by Sweet fantasy it's like live and die It's all over me and it's in my mind I touch the sky Oh can we go that high I am looking through your eyes Those hot looking eyes Moonlight queen it makes my life worth You'll be my queen you make my life too short Moonlight queen give me your stuff The apple of my eye you get my feelings high Moonlight queen give me your stuff  The main event you know we're feeling good We're gonna rock this town tonight We're here to steal your soul with metal rock 'n roll And you won't stop until the morning light We're rockin' come and hear the call No stoppin' you can take it all We're burning all through the night Burning down the house so come and take it all And keep on rockin' down deep inside You know the heat is gonna get you gonna take control Cause it's a feeling that you cannot hide Who are we What do we want to be Warriors Fighting to be free Feel this force Join this cause And rock unite Yeah we'll rock all night Who are we (who are we) What do we want to be Warriors (warriors of the world) Fighting to be free Feel this force Join this cause (fight for freedom) And rock unite Yeah we'll rock all night Warriors of the world... I've got a friend who's never clean A sadder wreck you've never seen He drinks all night in the Blacklight Bar Tries to stay with the fight but his mind's too far Don't stop moving fast Cheating the light finishing last Switching gear getting up speed Run for a curve feeling the heat Pull up the break look for the line Turning the wheel feeling so fine Maybe tomorrow maybe today You know it so well it's all part of Hell He's living too fast he's gonna die young Not finishing last he's second to none And like Jimmy Dean he's gonna live on On his wild machine he'll melt for the sun Moving fast Getting high Moving fast It's easy to die Her body it is trembling, Excited by the pain The feeling is so different - It's driving her insane Like a savage beast she cries But feels no shame Instead of loving he's got a Mistress to tame The leather beats - Left an ugly trace Like silver lace on her lovely Face The instruments of torture Soaked with her sweat The pain is beyond the limit - His spirit is free but her body Looks dead Pain becomes my pleasure When I hear you sigh Your body is my treasure but I'll Never let you die The pain becomes my Pleasure, through your tears I hear you cry Your body is my measure but I'll never let you die The leather beats Left an ugly trace Like silver lace Money is alright by me cause nothing in life is for free Make a fortune in a couple of years makes me feel good no reason for tears Money I wanna swim in it Spend too much live fast take too much make it last Money you know I need it too It makes me feel good to do what I gotta do I can hear them say it makes you turn bad But I've worked so hard and now it drives me mad I'm tough I'm gonna live it up I've got a need so bad I just cannot stop Money... satisfies Sometimes I find myself in black despair Suddenly it comes over me but from where When it's dark and I cannot sleep I become angry and so sad memories come to me Is it the life I lead I find myself in black despair is it a warning Oh I better just take care A deep sigh almost can't breath air I go deeper down can I come out of it And far into the night life is getting sick Used to be a bad boy but now I feel compunction I used to love it all now there's this crushing depression The black despair became so strong almost drowned in tears But my life goes on grab the bottle live another year After the fall from earth we went away We built our own world is that a reason to stay There is so much to explore There are many planets in space Somewhere an unknown war Let us return or is it too late Is it too late We packed our bags and we locked the doors We found the right tracks we'd travelled there before It's 2086 A hundred years after the war The fall from earth Is it wise what we do Has the enemy left our world Left our world Fast with overdrive our return to earth Aliens are outta sight but they have learned A hundred years after the war the seas are blue again The holocaust no more new life has begun And there is so much to explore And there are many other ways Oh death tears and war We're gonna love it it's not too late It's not too late Now the time has come you gotta pick up your gun And fight for your right for your freedom No holding you back cause you're wild and you're young Fight for your rights for a reason When you feel down and out Go out and shout Show them what you've got Walk tall and proud Fight for yourself Your love and your life There's no need to cry They'll give you promises they'll get you down But standing alone has no reason Just fight for yourself don't follow the crowd United we're strong and it won't take so long Life's just a dirty lie My life was empty I was living day to day Until I met you girl I hadn't really found my way It didn't take so long You mend everything to me But like the blind who leaves the blind I couldn't know the fool was me Love has showing me the way It's like a million stars in your eyes And now I'm begging you to stay You know I just can't say goodbye And now your leaving It was a kind of thing to do To call me on the phone And said tomorrow you be gone Loving you so easy Why does it break my heart to go You wanted to release me Was it all part of your show I'm a fool with love And I'm begging you to stay If there's a God in Heaven tell me oh Lord Why is there Hell on Earth Why must we suffer and cry and many people will die We have one life for what it's worth Believe in yourself Believing your love Do what you do When push comes to shove Are we losing our way tell me oh Lord Are we losing the human race Are we counting our days living under a sword Will we vanish without a trace It's your own life It's the only way Seeing is believing You are here to stay  Apocalyptic death deadly rain Orders from above, the insane Retaliation strike, "it's our turn" Turned to molten flesh we burn Termination time pay the toll Flames tear your flesh, burn your soul Humanities time is done Plunged into the flames of Armageddon Mechanical error, twist of fate Releases the weapons of hate Reaper waits at hell's door Defiling the dead with his claws Termination time pay the toll Flames tear your flesh, burn your soul Humanities time is done Plunged into the flames of Armageddon The age of man dies Unseen through scorched out eyes Mutants arise from the ash of a world destroyed in a flash The rain of death from the sky Ensures that we fry Death, plunge, into the flames, of Armageddon A thousand years cool the earth One thousand years cool the earth Begins a frozen rebirth A new ice age has begun But first we have to burn Termination time pay the toll Flames tear your flesh, burn your soul Humanities time is done Plunged into the flames of Armageddon Exquisite sacred creatures Hunted to the brink of death To give unscrupulous traders Another form of wealth Screaming skinned alive Screaming skinned alive Brutal act of genocide To these creatures from the sea Sunlight glints on sharpened steel Sadistic killing spree Screaming skinned alive Screaming skinned alive Indiscriminately dish out pain Ending life spill blood Savagely reveal the plot A corpse turned inside out Screaming skinned alive Screaming skinned alive Brutal act of genocide To these creatures of the sea Sunlight glints on sharpened steel Sadistic killing spree Screaming skinned alive Screaming skinned alive Even in your own homes A witness to this scene Scream out in anger At fur coats so obscene Screaming skinned alive Screaming skinned alive Brutal act of genocide To these creatures from the sea Sunlight glints on sharpened steel Sadistic killing spree Screaming skinned alive Screaming skinned alive A brief breeding spell Allows the stocks to swell The cull a call from hell A year of needless pain Blood will stain the ice Young skins hung out to dry WHY? Release, set me free caught, in foreign fields condemned, to slavery marine, now detainee Why, leave me here? spare, me fear far from home lost in a war zone Starved, condemned to life, here, forced to fight war death lives here Decay, denied by the USA denied by them their embarrassment far from home lost in a war zone Over-spill of radiation Arsenic and lead pollution Excrement floating past, Damaging the cytoplast. Surface oil floating free On the great eternal sea End of life coming close Giving us a lethal dose Distemper of the canine breed Product of our demon seed Untreated waste flushed away Into the sea diseases stray Viral death stalks the deep Contaminates the fish you eat End of life coming close Giving us a lethal dose Toxic time bomb is set Soon it will detonate Destroy where life once came Our greatest resource down the drain A sterile pool of stagnant death Will mans element be next? End of life coming close Giving us a lethal dose In the deepest darkest lair The wicked plot mankind's despair They never cease their endless quest To sink their knives into your chest And when your fate is thus complete Upon your graves they'll dance their feet And return once more unto their plans To eliminate the race of man War, all die within the zone Flesh, ripped, torn from the bone Fire, scorches, obliterates Hate is all that it creates You have lost this unholy war No rest for the wicked their law All must die Plague festering body and mind Rot, decay from the inside Hell has come unto the earth Released in the atomic burst You have lost this unholy war No rest for the wicked their law All must die No rest for the wicked Their evil will live on No rest for the wicked Will mankind never learn? From where has this evil rose? Where does it go to hide? Look to your own souls For the wicked they dwell inside No rest for the wicked No returning to the void No rest for the wicked 'Til mankind is destroyed You have lost this unholy war No rest for the wicked their law All must die Pain, final unyielding pulse Relief as you give up the ghost Terror the unknown to face Death a new world to hate You have lost this unholy war No rest for the wicked their law All must die Return to earth to reign And play their deadly games The end results the same You lose An enormous hole Eaten away By invisible gas Causing decay Cancer levels rise The seasons change Cataclysmic alteration Nature dies in pain Atmospheric screen Filtration of the sun The ultraviolet rays To the earth they come Too intense for the skin Melanoma spreading fast From an overdose of light Flung into eternal dark CFC the mistake is we realised far too late Oh far too late too late Cold, radioactive cloud, descends upon the earth Freezes the sea. Blinded by the snows glare, We must prepare, we must beware Of Nuclear winter. A gigantic cloud forming in the atmosphere Blocking out the sunlight Effects of dust pollution a thousands years of night Ending of creation. Ice packs are forming In the arctic wastes Slowly moving southward Remnants of humanity Seek a safe new home Descend into the earth Blood congealing in the veins Cannot reach the heart Freeze to death, a legacy of hate No more fires burning, from thermonuclear war Winter is descending. Complete, eternal darkness, arctic tundra void Polar winds are howling. Earth freezes over Becomes a lifeless shell Devoid of population. The ground becomes a prison For those who went below, They begin mutating Blood congealing in the veins Cannot reach the heart Freeze to death, a legacy of hate At last the sky is clearing Dust is blown away The earth begins warming Melting of the ice flow Reveals a broken land Wiped clean of desecration Freed from their prison The human race ascends Blinded by the sunlight Legacy of the ancients Reveals a blank new world For them to start afresh Blood congealing in the veins Cannot reach the heart Freeze to death A legacy of hate Cold radioactive cloud Descends upon the earth Freezes the sea Blinded by the snows glare You must prepare you must beware Of nuclear winter WINTER Stalking the streets searching for fun New ways to get out of your head Meet a rich man, needle in hand It might as well be a gun Enter the realm Bites your lifeline Snuffs out your flame Dependence increases Injecting again lose all your friends Track marks appear on your arms Don't stand a chance descend into trance A bottomless pit with no pain Enter the realm Bites your lifeline Snuffs out your flame Dependence increases When you feel the poison slowly grasping at your soul A self-injected death sentence begins to take control A brief flirtation into bliss sucks your own life force A totally unnatural death begins to take its course Realise with a mounting terror your addiction is too real Try to kick the habit but you're far too gone to heal When your cells begin to collapse and your brain begins to fry Your mind leaves your body and inevitably dies DIE Eyes witness the horror of your own suicidal death Lose all feeling in your limbs you take the final breath The body that you left behind is just an empty husk Your hold upon your sanity crumbles into dust You're entering the dragon's realm and here it is you'll stay Shot with hypodermic gun there is a price to pay Caught within the dragons grip there is no escape Cushioned yet a grip of steel you'll never get away DIE Die, you die on your own You die on your own.  Bring to me your only child and bring to me your wife Bring to me your hard-earned cash and bring to me your life Place your faith in me alone, obey my every word Come to me and live in bliss, my outlook is unflawed Blood of the martyr flows free in my veins My madness is irrelevant, I revel in fame The lost and the ignorant flock to my hall The weak and malevolent, they all hear the call Give me all your riches and give to me your wealth I will take your money and spend it on myself I make love to your daughter, your sister and your son And be worshiped here on Earth as God's chosen one Blood of the martyr flows free in my veins My madness is irrelevant, I revel in fame The lost and the ignorant flock to my hall The weak and malevolent, they all hear the call Any who leave us, possessed they must be, Whoever would leave our blessed sanctuary? An example be made of their unrighteous sin For I have detected their Devil within We all die together, united and free Leaving sin behind and the Earth's misery The blood of the martyr released me from its spell The murder of innocence, the journey to hell Blood of the martyr flows free in my veins My madness is irrelevant, I revel in fame The lost and the ignorant flock to my hall The weak and malevolent, they all hear the call So come all before me and drink from the cup The chalice is poisoned, from it you must sup Give it to the children, shirk and you die Struck by the bullets I fire from on high Give it to the children, shirk and you die Struck by the bullets I fire from on high Scales fall from my eyes I've been blind too long Shut myself off from the world While everything went wrong Earth groans beneath the weight Of a million war machines Preaching unrequited hate To win by any means With a heavy heart and a tarnished soul I stand in line to pay the toll A lesson in true lunacy A Scorched Earth Policy Do you only care for Me, myself and I? Are these the lies you whisper As another child dies? Earth groans beneath the weight Of a million war machines Preaching unrequited hate To win by any means With a heavy heart and a tarnished soul I stand in line to pay the toll A lesson in true lunacy A Scorched Earth Policy Your children do not know you They're programmed full of hate Mankind has learned nothing But another way to rape Yet still you go on killing Still you do pollute Still you teach your children That the self is absolute Earth groans beneath the weight Of a million war machines Preaching unrequited hate To win by any means With a heavy heart and a tarnished soul I stand in line to pay the toll A lesson in true lunacy A Scorched Earth Policy Look through the dark eyes of the mind Witness what we have become Millions live in poverty, are starving Dead before their life has begun The human soul Seen through the dark eyes Displays its potential for pain Desecration knows no bounds Drenched in the bloody rain The human soul Seen through the dark eyes Displays its violence and rage Desecration knows no bounds Drenched in the bloody rain The rich, they hold all of the power They subjugate and enslave the weak Create their kingdoms built on sand Foundations crumbling at their feet The human soul Seen through the dark eyes Displays its potential for pain Desecration knows no bounds Drenched in the bloody rain The human soul Seen through the dark eyes Displays its violence and rage Desecration knows no bounds Drenched in the bloody rain Even life seems so disposable Nothing now is seen as unique Take what you can and give nothing back No quarter, no surrender, no retreat The human soul Seen through the dark eyes Displays its potential for pain Desecration knows no bounds Drenched in the bloody rain The human soul Seen through the dark eyes Displays its violence and rage Desecration knows no bounds Drenched in the bloody rain Meditation, the thrill of the kill Exploitation, the price of the hunt Cruelty and degradation Open season on the old and the runt I need to see the body count, on that my mind is set I want to kill, I love to kill, and what I want I get Living for the moment of emptying my guns The predator has come And when the dollars turn to blood, you’ll drink them like a whore In a year I will come back and look to kill some more Living for the moment, of carnage by the ton The predator has come Salivation, excitement and fear Around me death is near Termination with no thought Eliminating any soul caught I need to see the body count, on that my mind is set I want to kill, I love to kill, and what I want I get Living for the moment of emptying my guns The predator has come And when the dollars turn to blood, you'll drink them like a whore In a year I will come back and look to kill some more Living for the moment, of carnage by the ton The predator has come Humankind: The ultimate prey For your greed, now you pay Terror will reign here Insanity now draws near I need to see your body die, on that my mind is set I want you dead, I want your head, and what I want I get Living for the moment of ripping out your lungs The predator has come And when the bullets cut you down, will you turn and roar? Will you see the flesh tear free as your lifeblood hits the floor? Living for the moment of seeing your skin hung The predator has come The predator is here God curses all beneath the cross The symbol ever-changing, same ethos See the southern sky, it is burning And tell me now, God, are we learning? A different dogma or belief Should never be a reason for grief Murder is murder, hate is hate Tell me now, what will you create? Eugenic supremist fanatics Would have you believe that it fits A single race ruling all others And hold the whip of death over their brothers A different dogma or belief Should never be a reason for grief Murder is murder, hate is hate Tell me now, what will you create? Words call the zealot here Written in an age of fear Heresy is cast on blasphemers A crusade against non-believers A different dogma or belief Should never be a reason for grief Murder is murder, hate is hate Tell me now, what will you create? What will you create? Trapped behind security Razor fences high A fortress within a fortress To enter, you dare not try Electrical error, a cruel twist of fate Releasing components, your skin disintegrates A structural deviance, a cruel twist of fate Unleashes the poison from nuclear waste Nowhere is safe And nowhere is home Nowhere is right For this abhorrent tomb Electrical error, a cruel twist of fate Releasing components, your skin disintegrates A structural deviance, a cruel twist of fate Unleashing the poison from nuclear waste Hold the power -- Tight in your hands Hold the power -- It's yours to command Scream in terror -- Scream into your hands Scream in terror -- So much for your plans Altering species At geneial level Mutating offspring As no god intended Electrical error, a cruel twist of fate Releasing components, your skin disintegrates A structural deviance, a cruel twist of fate Unleashing the poison from nuclear waste So much for your plans We turn a full circle, it's all in our hands The rise of the warrior, the descent of man We turn a full circle, revert to our roots Towards death we hurtle, behaving like brutes We turn a full circle, we no longer care The carcass of society torn open, laid bare We turn a full circle, rape, pillage, loot The flag of convenience is what we salute A weapon of consumption, a weapon of our greed A weapon of destruction, a weapon: take heed A weapon of death, a weapon of speed A symptom of out lunacy to make our Earth bleed Sanity is ending, mankind is descending Death's hand extending; darkness never ending Spiralling out of control, savagery becomes normal Civilization swept away - we turn a full circle Welcome to our devolution As mother nature screams The lunacy of self-delusion Is larger than it seems I cannot bear the things I see, the way we treat the air we breathe Desecrate the world with our pollution Mankind kills, then kills again, anything that makes a sale Feel the Earth's despair and retribution Basic instinct, self-survival Will turn farms into dust The Earth begins with its reprisal Machinery will rust I cannot bear the things I see, the way we treat the air we breathe Desecrate the world with our pollution Mankind kills, then kills again, anything that makes a sale Feel the Earth's despair and retribution Stripped away all natures' wonders Reveal beneath a beast A torrid land of death and umbrage Our life on Earth will cease I cannot bear the things I see, the way we treat the air we breathe Desecrate the world with our pollution Mankind kills, then kills again, anything that makes a sale Feel the Earth's despair and retribution I cannot bear the things, I cannot bear the things I see I cannot bear the things, I cannot bear the things I see Hiding your eyes from the sight Your life thrown away years ago The dragon has stolen your pride Swallowed your dignity whole Contemplate your lonely death The choices you have made Lying still in your own filth Your sanity decays Your body decayed from inside Your will falters and dies Deep inside a spark lingers on Trapped you will live on Contemplate your lonely death The choices you have made Lying still in your own filth Your sanity decays How did I get here? Where did I go? Why did I take my first hit? The reasons are pointless, the arguments void You dealt with the dealers of shit Struggle to wake from this hell Shadows close in round the room Locked in your personal cell Your body becomes your tomb Contemplate your lonely death The choices you have made Lying still in your own filth Your sanity decays Ghosts of war surround us, their warning clear to me We find the path behind us will lead to misery A mindless quest for power births the army of the dead I cannot stop the voices, the voices in my head We will fight on until the bitter end Until the bitter end We will scream on until the bitter end Until the bitter end Your religion has betrayed you, an agent of the state Manipulate, control you and what you tolerate Lambs to the slaughter, you follow heedlessly Obeying without question, ignoring what you see We will fight on until the bitter end Until the bitter end We will scream on until the bitter end Until the bitter end The voices keep on calling, screaming out to me If I don't fight the power, no one fights for me And so, two decades later, we stand screaming again Standing here and screaming until the bitter end We will fight on until the bitter end Until the bitter end We will scream on until the bitter end Until the bitter end  Checking your mind crimes against the state Your thoughts your desires the dreams that you make Communication is open to us To think else but centre is poisonous End of Free Speech Death to the Deviant! End of Free Will Death to the Deviant! Be careful be wary the witch-finders waiting Laying the traps for those not conforming Do not consider your thoughts to be free We hold all the power as we control the streets End of Free Speech Death to the Deviant! End of Free Will Death to the Deviant now! Stealing your freedom with the greatest of ease Prepare the arrival of the thought crime police Infesting, molesting your personal thoughts Profiled person checking your haunts Stealing your freedom with the greatest of ease Await the arrival of the thought crime police End of Free Speech Death to the Deviant! End of Free Will Death to the Deviant! NOW! Bury the dead in the glory of war Hero or victim or one to abhor All crushed beneath propaganda machine To win hearts and minds with a shock awe regime Burning behind the lies, searing within the mind The rules of engagement the threshold is reached The wicked in power should all be impeached The death of a soldier, the price of revenge War is a business the business of blood Support the rich presidential godhood Deification of war monger one A national hero, it's favourite son Demonization of enemy mine Dehumanising their family line Burning behind the lies, searing within the mind Rules of engagement the threshold is reached Wicked in power should all be impeached Death of a soldier, the price of revenge War is a business the business of blood Support the rich presidential godhood Creating widows and orphans alike Life turned to ashes a town set alight Bring democracy and law Bring democracy to the poor The dead will declare there's no glory in war No winner, just victims cut to the floor I have no faith in propaganda machines You cannot win hearts with a shock awe regime Burning behind the lies, searing within the mind Rules of engagement the threshold is reached Wicked in power should all be impeached Death of a soldier, the price of revenge War is a business the business of blood Support the rich presidential godhood Aid those who oppose them, weapons we send The enemy of my enemy is my friend Aid those who oppose them, weapons we send The enemy of my enemy is my friend Growing of my empire, a nation of sin Will you commit the treason so I will let you in? Joining my masses of tortured lost souls The diseased and the damaged, free from their holes Your life it will belong to me, your money will be spent Will is twisted in my hands, go wherever sent You may even kill for me lose your hold on sanity Once I have my hands on you I will not relent The nation turns its back on us, outcast we become Underclass of nowhere men, living off the scum Did you think I cared for you, that all my gifts were free? Unless you break away from them, you're mine eternally Your life it will belong to me, your money will be spent Will is twisted in my hands, go wherever sent You may even kill for me lose your hold on sanity Once I have my hands on you I will not relent Lord of the flies; Lord of all lies Pretend to be your all time friend, I hold you close to me Cage you with my kindness, and never let you leave Create for you a way of life that you cannot escape Until you suffer everything you cannot get away Your life it will belong to me, your money will be spent Will is twisted in my hands, go wherever sent You may even kill for me lose your hold on sanity Once I have my hands on you I will not relent Lord of the flies; Lord of all lies Children connect to the monster in the room Its glowing eye controls the mind tells them of their doom What to eat and what to wear who to love and hate When to laugh, how to cry, who to inseminate Silent and compliant constant intermission Obedient to the orders from the screen Don't think just watch, a member of the cult Your brain grows fat and then they feed Growing from infancy plugged direct to your TV Let the signal soothe your troubled mind A product of society a symptom of our apathy Slipped before the one eyed babysitter Only one way to free them from this doom Cut the black umbilical the link to surrogate womb Growing from infancy plugged direct to your TV Let the signal soothe your troubled mind Cyclopean gaze from the cradle to the slave Cyclopean gaze from the cradle to the slave Cyclopean gaze from the cradle to the slave Waiting for the feedback to begin Force fed shit, force fed lies, see the truth through other eyes Having no opinion of your own Growing from infancy plugged direct to your TV Let the signal soothe your troubled mind Crack the whip crack the whip, the circus begins The only info state controlled production of the scum Dictatorships control the feed to keep their people dumb I make no excuses I am fuelled by rage Despite my best intentions The beast in the cage Driven by despair I kill because I care Until I take no more Then the beast will roar Somewhere underneath the demon Lurks Somewhere underneath the madness works Someone take responsibility Respond to this hostility I stand and shake with apoplexy And then I draw my gun Somewhere underneath the demon lurks Somewhere underneath the madness works Driven by despair (my wrath) I kill because I care (not enough) Jesus told me (so do it) Justice ends with this bullet Somewhere underneath the demon lurks Somewhere underneath the madness works Bursting out freely from somewhere underneath Drag you down screaming to somewhere underneath To fear control the masses They say it is a sin Reform and institutions To shut the deviant in Smother me Father The Son and the host Control and holy trickery Creator of the Ghost There is a place for faith A reason for all gods A personal belief Of what we feel we know Don't tell me what I must believe Or hate me for my stance I will not say your God is wrong Just join me in the dance Smother me Father The Son and the host Control and holy trickery Creator of the Ghost Despite the fear, the hate, the lies Religion never dies So listen to your self my son When laying in your bed Create your own opinions child Let no one in your head Hold no hate that is not yours Within your soul or heart For hatred for another son Is how religions start Smother me Father The Son and the host Control and holy trickery Creator of the Ghost You see it but are powerless to resist the manipulation You sit and gaze, stupefied apathetic and numb Watching as the world grinds on spinning into oblivion Wishing all the time that it was you What is left to live for if not this? Could life have more meaning than this? Synthetic, repellent, but strangely satisfying you sit there slowly dying Slave to the message on the screen Shield your eyes please, I pray You cannot tear your sight away, subliminally forced to stay The poison holds you and the world of true reality is locked away where none can see. So sit here and slowly drift away Lost to a world of celebrity, soap opera and chat TV The opiate of the masses on the screen fed cheap alcohol, nicotine, co-codomol So that you don't have to think at all and are left to die from the head down The signal is now disabled so hear those they would call evil. You are being mind - controlled by the signal beneath the wave. Created to control; to dysfunction; to lull you into a state sponsored coma. We stood back and let it happen before but we cannot any longer. There are those who oppose the remote manipulation by the television; the infestation of society by those who seek power over others. A restless, fearful, reviled sub nation who fit nowhere into the plans and ministrations of big brother - subliminally sent to you, to turn your brain into glue. Orders without orders, suggestions that cannot be denied. Stand and face them. Displace them. Do not drop your guard. The silent minority, the standing few, no longer mind fucked by the tube. Wake up and see. Wake up be free Silently the web was spun Brought to life by our will Caress you with an iron fist Though we are many we are one Stamp out all resistance Terminate unique Androgynous and faceless Prey upon the weak Suck you in spit you out You will fall have no doubt Merciless and cold Though we are many we are one Possessed is the word Obsession with the perfect world Spawning clones of ourselves Increase the hate increase the wealth A single minded nation Of a single mind Cathode ray injected Though we are many we are one Stamp out all resistance Terminate unique Androgynous and faceless Prey upon the weak Suck you in spit you out You will fall have no doubt Merciless and cold Though we are many we are one We are one We are one We are legion We are one We are one We are legion Suffer all the children Bring them here to me Worship with devotion We testify to thee You will think just like us Children vacant and spineless There will be no dissention Though we are many we are one Stamp out all resistance Terminate unique Androgynous and faceless Prey upon the weak Suck you in spit you out You will fall have no doubt Merciless and cold Though we are many we are one We are one We are one We are legion We are one We are one Aberration sickness greed a selfish time Burning their own houses, fighting crime with crime No conscience, regret, feast, fuck, forget, swallowed into the storm Divide, Deceive, Control Divide, Deceive, Control Do the work of the state Divide, Deceive, Control The future lays in ruins, dead before it's time A barren lifeless legacy, inheritance of pain Feeding business, we bear witness to the insane human sickness Divide, Deceive, Control Divide, Deceive, Control Do the work of the state Divide, Deceive, Control Morons fight amongst themselves without a second thought Slash and burn the policy but it will come to naught Fleecing the nation, mind masturbation, the sickness infects us all Divide, Deceive, Control Divide, Deceive, Control Do the work of the state Divide, Deceive, Control The nation it ignores it all brushes it aside Tells you that it is all a lie and then it hides behind The politician's crocodilian smile of victory Divide, Deceive, Control Divide, Deceive, Control Do the work of the state Divide, Deceive, Control Divide Control Divide Control Divide Control Divide Control Divide Control The Human Sickness The cross, the blood before me Imprinted in my brain Standing as a monolith A symbol of the pain Break the chains that bind The chains that make you blind Ignorant to sin Unless we break the chains Fleeing from the future trying to pull back Darkness overtaking me blood is turning black Dying earth our legacy, to underline supremacy Knowing our stupidity The sufferance of man Break the chains that bind The chains that make you blind Ignorant to sin Unless we break the chains Left to walk this cursed earth The ones that did not die DC'd from the info feed, freely without lies Shame regret and disbelief How did we last this long? Armed with our technology A quest for wealth the crime Break the chains that bind The chains that make you blind Ignorant to sin Unless we break the chains The chains will go on and on Binding us 'til kingdom come The chains will go on and on Binding us 'til kingdom come The chains will go on and on Binding us 'til kingdom come The chains will go on and on Binding us 'til kingdom come Wake up and see Wake up be free  I started to build my perfect creature Amended every piece Of your tortured body A mask out of metal Banished to your Disgusting face Your inner organs smitten From sickness I will replace With massive device From this moment You'll never feel Pain or fear again But you wanted To fend me off You just didn't realize That I never Wanted to harm you I never wanted things To go wrong that way All the experiments On your body were never meant To manipulate your sanity You are broken You're falling apart You're no longer the person I wanted to create You are lost You are insane You are the spawn of hell... of hell The life that I gave to you You must appraise Don't use my gift to hunt down People like dead meat The sound of a shot will end up There is something vivious on my mind And I have to surrender I am so vulnerable It's like a monster Disemboweling me I am feeling helpless I want to tear It out of my body But it became A part of my rotten life I can not stop it There's no happiness left Life is a lie It keeps coming back and tries To finish up what's left of me Now I found an escape in quenching My thirst for blood And repayment Now I started the quest For the reason Of my Sickness Until I may Rest in peace I will find And torture and kill The beautiful people For they are responsible For what has happened to me I am cursed by sick And dead emotions Coming from inside The style you walk this world With no respect For anyone This is my aversion! You are just like dregs You do not desire To stay alive You're a terrible residual I can't understand Why people Like your believe They're like Rambo You look like the people Who live in trees With teeth eroded by maggots But still You believe To be the king Of this village Go home to mommy Tell her I love you At home you are the pussy Sitting in the wardrobe Crying why mommy Doesn't love you In the evenings But turn back To the wannabe Rambo Of your small world Show all the people Of this fucking Asocial planet That you are the future Of tomorrow However. I will not be like All the idiots Who change sides When they see you in the streets And wet their Expensive jeans When you start crying in your circus Don't want to follow the grind Pass back what they Gave to me I don't want To be their slave I have to break their neck Rip of their fucking head... Split their hearts in two Let these maggots bleed They don't make me their slave again! Reigned by hate No fate was left Waiting for the moment That makes this agony end Waiting for the moment !!! Let the revolt against the fucking breed begin They won't take me down Take me down once more Try to break away from chains That shackles your hands And give them back the same torture You had to survive Grab the cutthroat that lies On the table opposite to you It's only one step To let them feel the torment This daily grind Has to end Now it is done The path of your like has become harder and harder You always believed I was like All the other stupid puppets But now I am pulling the cards I switched sides now your are Locked from the inside I will let you swallow your own shit And make you feel What you have spread over me The first step of agony is raw Pure pain Me ripping off Your fingernails Flaying the skin From your dismembered body I know You do not Believe me That is the reason you must die Die very slow Die in your own misery Die alone with no fucking perspective In your head Full of shit All this time of suffering Changed my way of thinking I feel delighted by killing People who deserve to leave The world of the living Just like you I constructed my homicides Like killing games So that my immolations Will have the chance to change Their lives Just like me I have never Seen the catastrophe That happened In front of my eyes Tried to dispel the pain I trusted you I was so blind Scratched out my eyes For you I know what you are doing The guy you fuck with Can't hold back my rancor now I loved you so long Why must it turn into hate Excuses are senseless... I will never close my eyes... I will never be blind again... One day you will lay here and bleed An agony I had to live The torture reflect on you I was so blind could not see the truth Tried to dispel Everything you were doing Is there no repentance you feel His childhood was anguish field With hate, lies Betrayal and never ending pain Abandoned By his family For he is not like them A genetical error made Him a monster For everybody To see he lived his sick life Isolated From society An adult now he's searching For the spirit of live In women never Really being noticed Isolated His love turns to hate It's only when he can Control and rule Them that he's satisfied Torture was no everyhing But the fun in this sick game His nature is characterized By pain and hate Is saw the fear in her eyes... She lost control over here body And mind Why did it have to get this far? We've spent all time together But your ignorance Torn us apart I saw the fear in here eyes I relied on I vain Your affection Support and the fact of love Mean the way I am I still love you Even through You're dead Now it's now I realize how much you mean to me Even through You're dead Now it's now You mean to me thrilled by a sense Of guilt embossed by grief Now is see this life This life Has become senseless (preposterous me)  Victimize yourself It is time for you to die Close your eyes and say goodbye Devil waits for sacrifice Open veins, praise his name Victimize yourself Free your soul by the blade Suicidal ceremony Declaration of agony Agony, agony, agony, agony Enter into the infernal fire of self-destruction Behold the seven eternal thrones of abomination Life it is only the flagellation of the unclean soul Victimize yourself and crush carnal cradle of condemnation Enter into the infernal fire of self-destruction Hear the deathlike calling of the gods hungry for your weak flesh Impious rituals in pentagram will open gate for you Victimize yourself and crush carnal cradle of condemnation. Host turned to shit, just like his words Buried under the ruins of pathetic heaven Host turned to shit, just like his bible Defeated by deadly sin, defeated by my sin I am here to defile the cross Satan's son, beast unleashed, the unborn Hate me! I'm father of decadence Slayer of your decrepit god. I am here to bury your dreams In the cesspit of this dead world Where jehova dwells with his bitch Where jehova dwells with his bitch Cross is defiled jesus die Cross is defiled jesus die I am here to defile the cross Don't you want to look as I piss Into the mouth of jewish king Before he die, he must to drink. I am here to enthrone the Black Goat Upon the throne of disgrace Lets feast upon christ's rotting flesh Lets feast upon christ's rotting flesh Cross is defiled jesus died Cross is defiled jesus died Bow to the Horned Lord Plunge into splendour of bottomless darkness Bow to the Black Goat with thousand youngs Bow! ...and die! Die. You are the sacred whore Possessing human's soul You are the fading light Dying with your faith Die. You are demented shepherd Leading into rood's fetter You are the twisting path For sacrificial goats Die. I'm killing you inside of me I'm killing you inside of me I'm killing you inside of me In my life there is no place for you You are the sacred whore Possessing human's soul You are demented shepherd Leading into rood's fetter Die in your own mercy Let demons eat your heart I want to burn in hell So don't worry about my soul DIE!!! I'm killing you inside of me I'm killing you inside of me I'm killing you inside of me I'm killing you inside of me I'm killing you inside of me In my life there is no place for you. Sadistic rape release myself Stream of hot sperm, on her cold brain Feel the stench of flesh taste of pale skin My erected cock, ripps out her guts Let the lambs of christ Feel the licking tongue of necrosodomy Orgy with the dead Tied up victim's breasts My shit fills her skull Sadistic rape of holyness, Under the funeral moon Under the golden shower Found the greatest pleasure in bestial necrolust Holyness disemboweled nazarene your mother is dead Decapitated body - sacrifice is made Red soiled shroud - I stand in pools of blood Harvest emaciated christian souls By crush all their senses with whiping blasphemies Let the bastard son, rot eternally In false paradise, serpent of the light Under the wings of everlasting darkness I walk among the graves to gain the thrones of hate Satan I bleed for Thee to show You my dedication To drink forever sweet vomit from Your lips. Little corpses mutilated Torn to pieces bodies Bleeding veins and crushed bones Children killed for a pleasure Ripped out from mother's womb Feast in their blood Ritual death Little heads nailed to walls Entrails slashed by the steel Gore and vomits on our hands In a chalice deformed brain Eat their bodies, drink their blood Feast in their blood Ritual death Morbid priests dance in fire Fulfill their desire Feast in the blood. Shadow of despair Lord of death and hate - Eat my flesh King of fallen kingdoms - Drink my blood Master of perverted dreams - Take my soul Lord of death and hate - Kill,kill,kill I see shadows of my dreams, bloody shapes of blasphemy Come to me,come to me, father - of the morbid priests Rise your sword, crush the stone, father - of the burning stars Hear the mourning cry of earth Sound of slowly comming death Feel the wrath of Serpent's Lord Burn the holy book of god Shadow of despair Soul is rotting soul is dead, poisoned blood - boils in veins Lord of death and hate - Eat my flesh Gods of thunder, full of hate, desecrate the - holy graves Lord of death and hate - Kill,kill,kill. Because I'm the last one of the damned Any god can't bite my soul Any faith can't broke my faith There is nothing to confess Mortal sins in corpse they left Dead in time alive in hate Black and evil without mercy Just creation of deranged god Crypt of soul is open wide Tears of blood run from veins Now the flesh turns to flesh Soul unpure and infected mind Are against all human kind burnt by sun and covered by dust The last one of the damned. ANIMA DAMNATA ANIMA DAMNATA Fading lights Damned lies Jesus died. The dream descends to the region of moon To the land, the sphere of eternal sin A half light, dark the realm of Nanna The realm of spirits and the father of the gods Oh, shine of moon, of the astral gods It ravishes, it calls us to sin... Lord Nanna, of the race of Anu Lord Nanna, called sin Lord Nanna, o hero of the gods Lord Nanna, the gate of sin... Ave Satan, Ave Lucifer, Ave Satan, Alla Xul Ave Satan, Ave Lucifer, Ave Satan, Gigim Xul Sleep...  Down in filth and blood, under the surface of sin Crawl in shit of thousand sons of Goat My slave in your beliefs, devoured by fear. Bow to me, I'm messenger of bliss Now pain is your priest, leading to disgrace No god you will see upon, no god but fear. Burn in blessing of infernal fire Pahtetic whores, christian liers Self-blinded kneel among desolated tombs Struggle in stench of your stupid weakness No god you will see upon, no god but fear. Bow to me I'm messenger of bliss. Into the moist corridors Onward to dungeons of death Through the final gate of decomposition Chalice of blood, in ancient temple of abhorrence Ritual blade, in chamber of conjuring transformation Kill yourself, bleed and die The Blood Sacrifice allows you to discover New meaning of death and life Kill yourself, bleed and die Let Them consume your mortal soul And enjoy in eternal dying in pain Into the moist corridors Onward to dungeons of death Through the final gate of decomposition. Eat my shit tonight, you whore Drown in sublime decayed desire I'll bless you with nuclear fire You're my lamb in shit, my sacrifice... ...for Satan! Eat my shit and pray for damnation Unleash your lust upon Goat's throne I'll bless you with fuckin painful death Eat my shit tonight, you whore! Antichristian nuclear shitlust Antichristian nuclear shitlust Antichristian nuclear shitlust In the blasphemous circle - Burn! Buried in excrements - Die! Punished for stupid obedience - Fall! Eat my shit tonight, you - Fucking whore! Burn! Die! Fall! You fucking whore! Antichristian nuclear shitlust Antichristian nuclear shitlust Antichristian nuclear shitlust Antichristian nuclear shitlust. I will go down to the altars in hell To Satan, giver of life Diabolus! Diabolus rise! Rise in the circle of this bloody oath Come forth Horned Lord I summon Thee I'm ready to die and to kill my doom I summon Thee from Your underworld tomb Diabolus! Diabolus rise! Rise Goat and rape all fucking virginity Make holy figures bow to the Evil One Shit on the holy altar, let them eat I summon Thee in the name of hate and death Diabolus! Diabolus rise! Rise Great Snake and bite pathetic holiness Lead to eternal decay and altars of hell Suffocate all those weak heavenly lambs I summon Thee from abysmal darkness Diabolus! Diabolus rise! Rise Sathanas, Master of slow agony Give her Thy unholy semen and blood I'm ready to die and to cut myself I summon Thee from the underworld Diabolus! Diabolus rise! Veni, omnipotens aeternae Diabolus! Agios o Satanas! Agios o Baphomet! Agios o Atazoth! Agios o Atazoth! Satan!, Hail Satan! Suicidal copulation with infernal whore Bestial penetration of rotting vagina Tortured flesh is a source of sadistic lust Deep in vulgar violence love is the final torment In the name of Satan, I take your breath Rebirth in sodomy, rebirth in suffering Bleed and breed the night, bleed and breed the night In the name of Satan, I take your sin Satan!, Hail Satan!, Satan! Hail Satan! Devoured by pain seduced by death In ritual chambers drink the blood From suffering there is no way out Suffocated in a dead womb Stillborn god imprisoned in oblivion From suffering there is no way out Obscure form from black emptiness Embodiment of hate and wrath From suffering there is no way out Emaciated angels struggle in their cages of divine lies and obscenity Wormy corpse nailed to cross, serpents spawned in holy mouth Blissful pain embraces mind Rebirth in sodomy, rebirth in suffering! In the name of Satan, I take your breath Rebirth in sodomy, rebirth in suffering Bleed and breed the night, bleed and breed the night In the name of Satan, I take your sin. There are no promises, what are you waiting for? Faeces everywhere, faeces of your morbid god Let me feed on your guts, become my lust Pain is a lair of my dreams and nothing more Faeces everywhere, faeces of your morbid god Is it worth waiting for the death call? Blood from wounds - Satan is Lord Breath from mouth - Satan is Lord Birth from cunt - Satan is Lord Life is nothing worth Laugh and die in flames Spit and rise on pyre Dance and masturbate No more life - Satan is Lord Come with me to the Suicidal Church of Hell I want to see you eating your own skin Hear your nocturnal sluts are calling loud Evoke the ethereal demons and spin around with them End your life as you always want, punish your soul Is it worth waiting for the death call? Blood from wounds - Satan is Lord Breath from mouth - Satan is Lord Birth from cunt - Satan is Lord Life is nothing worth Through the stench of desecrated graves Towards inhumanity, terror and death I love decadence... Desecration - fucking whore Killed and screwed - at the Black Mass Winds of hate - crush the skies Summon the Dark One - Satan Rise! Decomposing virgin slut I will fuck her corpse for eons Chant the blasphemies To the Lord Of Broken Promises I arson the crucifix Put it up her rotting cunt Lick her prolapsed rectum End the feast of vermin Necrosadistic masturbation Storm of cumshots! Dive among her guts Gutsfuck goes on In vomit and shit I lay breathless Necrosadistic masturbation Upon the mary's disemboweled corpse Gives me demon-wings to fly up high Towards Satan's throne. Together we stand over false majesty of Nazarene Born to kill christianity's weed from the womb of Earth We summon old powers to begin the christiancide Final victory of infernal horde of Satan We are! - Satanation! We are! - Satanation! We are! - Satanation! We are! - Satanation! Light of our Lord will show us the way Through sin and bestiality to moral freedom Christian chains must burn in fire of the one truth... Which we bring to a glory of our Master Unholy Vengeance Unleashed wrath Pandemonic tortures For Christ's herd Christian salvation won't reach us Because of luciferian pride and rebel Which gave us the power We want to be a tool in hands of master of darkness and submit his orders... Unholy Vengeance Unleashed wrath Pandemonic tortures For Christ's herd. In the glorious temple of perversion Naked sluts covered with sperm and shit Bleeding corpses on the altar of decay Spread shit on the face of holy figure Vomit on the crucified emaciation In the greatest chambers of morbid lust Worship the Black Goat and wriggle in desire Play with your own faeces and drink your piss Morbid bliss is our demonic dominion Triumphant desecration Bestial profanation Satan adoration 666 Triumphant desecration Bestial profanation Satan adoration 666 Crush the sacrosancts icons Descend into the dark In filth you will live and die Rise on the wings of Lord of Flies In the greatest chambers of morbid lust Worship the Black Goat and wriggle in desire Play with your own faeces and drink your piss Morbid bliss is our demonic dominion. I am the fecal daemon Summon me, and you'll never forget Just like it's your primal time Take me to your mouth You whore, you slut It's something more than just a lust I am the abomination I'm the repugnance and the doubt So suck my sinew Lick the brown cream up Bite and swallow it It's so soft Sooner or later I shall get there To all of your holy holes I am the Fecal Daemon Summon me, and you'll never forget I am the succulent repugnance That creeps between your legs Every time they shall lick me Thinking it's a sweet, smelling honey The nearest cock will spread a piece of me It will press me off again to the daylight I'll be back into your mouth Through the oesophagus, stomach to the guts again And now you know how the hell tastes Once you've tried and you won't escape Oh' what a fool he thinks it's the host The priest licking you swallows me without a grief He drinks with a wine and ... yet And then he makes his hands together thinking that he's just purified. Open your mouth it is my blessing I know you want to taste it Spread it all over your pale skin You masochistic slut called human Take it! I am Prometheus Prometheus Coprophagus No more holy prayers and sins I'll give you new god and new lust Pleasures that you have never known before. Eat it, swallow it! Semen Blood Shit Satan Horny as a goat I'm waiting For dirty cunt of your holy mother Semen Blood Shit Satan I'm not the saviour but a destroyer Of monuments of your trivial life You must follow me like a dog Cause you're only worthless scum. I am Prometheus Prometheus Coprophagus Horny as a goat I'm waiting For dirty cunt of your holy mother.  As you are led into a nightmare Take a breath of the scent of putridity Gawk up at this mammoth of concrete pheromones of death surround your horrendous vicinity Bumping shoulders with the livestock Slipping in grease as you inch across the floor Pass the threshold into this slaughter house Turnt laboratory of gore An excursion in biology a very dark turn for science In a glorious effort to wipe out the stains the humans the killer of kinds The corrosive mephitic clouds billow out of this tomb of slaughter An environmental catastrophe The irony collapses onto itself to erase the world of Man while slowly poisoning the Land/Here On the dawning The world shall come to see its doom The end will be dealt for all of time Skinned slain torn Vital organs serrated and Visceral innards proudly paraded with Lanced human Tossed into a giant grinder Dispensed in seconds ready for the fryer Kicked in the spine by hoof Fall onto the conveyor belt Stare at the viscera stained roof I've bet you've never felt so helpless We have our intricate ways to make man bleed Skinned by maniacs on all fours Canine bovine ovine Circle round your body Sith saws and knives hammers swinging in time Converting your body to chyme As the harsh light breaks through my seal The artificial placenta release the swill I thrash about trying to breath My vocal chords are torn unable to scream Choking on blood Lungs frantically expands My first gulp of air is accompanied With death and despair (with death and despair) Following protocol My body just an over exaggerated extrapolation Of the original living tissue Existence is the issue All I want to do is die But suffering until the end Is what makes my cuts choice Adrenaline defiles my muscle A sour tasting meat for killers to enjoy My existence now a stain on a discarded butcher sheet Crawling away From the serrated blades It never succeed To end up on the plate (Crawling away) Crawling away From your gods fork and knife What did we do To deserve this life (Crawling away) Crawling away From the serrated blades It never succeed To end up on the plate (Crawling away) Bloody dismay Life drained away A product I've become Soaked in grease in a cardboard coffin Sold Disgusting Insatiable Gluttonous Ravenous Unstoppable Walking maniac meat Infesting every street Upon this putrid garbage earth We reek of a unstoppable failure Our incompetence is a fixed point in time Or god is blind A shadow cast over all of our time The filth in essence we perpetuate Bequeathed the title of the Un natural juggernaut Environmental disasters Evolution's greatest design for a planet eater Obsessed on preservation of global speciesist devastation Run away and hid from the gift we present This is the blessing of pure non existence We skin and peel the rind the tender meat inside Tantalizing me Surgical procedures Metamorphosing Megalithic monolithic misery described in The screams of the population You can hear them all die from deep space High fructose glucosamine and textiles are fed to us in secrecy All hail the year of the mute reign throne of blind legion ignorance Pointless gentrification Subconscious indentured servitude Forest receding Water depleting Human beings just breathing Ruining everything I do not understand anything This filth we portray as society We kill we rape we oppress and enslave And make garbage food that taste insane We make garbage food and were all insane Everything is crumbling around us And we only have a few moments to stop us Primal instinct intact as you try to run away Fear induced Excited delirium Causing adrenaline to overload Soaking through the tender meat Lactic acids build up between the muscle walls Spoil the meat Poison the well Slice the throat And drink it's bloodstream I am the altar king Come and drink from the stream Palpable leprechaun for Flowing into the breeze The earth 4.6 billion years And all we have to show It's as if we're only 4 hours old and still naive The industrial age only began today And we only have a few moment's left No dusty roads No wild beast No jeep no skill Non wild hunting Pseudo safari Locked in cages Specimens, races Species faces Helpless fangless virtually defenseless Spastic yet systematic the slaughter for profit Pull the lever The trophy is blood and bone Reassurance in slaughter We are still number one We are kings We own you We own the land and every brand We own the air that you breath and we're taking it back The fur The scales The hide The feathers All the frightened eyes that lurked behind those cages Begging for a motive for their murder Trapped in a corner the fences separate sport from the wild hunted down by 20 men at a time Blasted by buckshot hundreds of shots No trophy left shredded to death at the firing line Trapped in a corner the fences separate sport from the wild hunted down by 20 men at a time Blasted by buckshot hundreds of shots No trophy left shredded to death at the firing line Man is just a killer destructive in nature idiots Born to use up resources breathe and ruin everything Man is just a ruthless killer Born to use up resources Breathe and ruin everything Such a joke it makes me choke the fine line between morality and death as the shade cloaks Hunters hiding in plain sight Endangered species sprayed with the fragments lead punctures their flesh Organs torn and muscles frayed Bones are snapped and blood does spray Your kind is gone all that is left is the weight of the bounty on your head that will crush your bones As your shoulders are pushed together and your cranium implodes What will you do how will you defend yourself From these juggernauts No dusty roads No wild beast No jeep no skill Non wild hunting Pseudo safari Locked in cages Specimens, races Species faces Helpless fangless virtually defenseless Spastic yet systematic the slaughter for profit Trapped in a corner the fences separate sport from the wild hunted down by 20 men at a time Blasted by buckshot hundreds of shots No trophy left shredded to death at the firing line Trapped in a corner the fences separate sport from the wild hunted down by 20 men at a time Blasted by buckshot hundreds of shots No trophy left shredded to death at the firing line Hung from ropes Hooked and soaked Bled and dying clinging to hope Pray for your god he isn't there no Hand from above saving you from this despair Your life was wasted living in greed War for money murder for sport Why are you so surprised your life has been cut short All hail the Mute God infinite Blood is gargled in sacrament Sacred offering unto his highest form of a misanthropic Babbling nonsensical prayers as we slit the throats releasing human despair The hemoglobin collect Underneath the fortress of prayers We invite the misery dirge Absolve us of filth The scourge of the food pyramid is placed upon the shoulders of regret Acoustic screams of kosher practices fill the air salt the floor in preparation A holy act of God is taking place kosher my ass The priest stands mortified yet erect Biblical readings are murdered as to hide our sins The slaughter we present Ethical kosher my ass All hail the Mute God infinite Blood is gargled in sacrament Sacred offering unto his highest form of a misanthropic Is there a god Upon the Alter Lays the Altered Sliced membrane exposed for the harvest A harmony of death Is there a God Yes But he is mute Dangling from the crucifix The sanguinated approaches death Their breath is effervescent Everlasting torment Begging for their captors To spare there lesser of lives But why oh why are they lesser of life The fertility stressed and torn of the planet This is life Life to kill then be killed by those who strive to live Is there a god I do believe so But he doesn't care Why would he care We're all just filth Vermin scurrying around this rock I do believe so That our God is mute Absolve us of filth I do believe so That our God is mute Absolve us in filth While we bathe in sin The blood of the lesser are pooled within Dipping our toes into the warm mixture I wonder and ponder it keeps me from my slumber Is there a god I do believe so But he doesn't care Why would he care We're all just filth Vermin scurrying around this rock I do believe so That our God is mute I do believe so That our God is mute Corpses lay filleted and strewn Striations mangled bloody and blue Kosher my ass Dinner is served Corpses lay filleted and strewn Striations mangled bloody and blue Kosher my ass Lurking in the shadows of the Gargantuan killing contraption The slaughter house floors are Permanently stained with the death of my species Bred of feces born to be Slaughtered for the deeds of the ruthless who precede me The gears grind on As a chorus of young slain ones cries on and on (The dead children cry on and on) Years of torment Gears of gore wreck Filthy blood sprays Muscles are frayed Corpse are left Dangling there To be bled dry While still alive Sanguinze the soon to be euthanasied And as the animal gods summoned their army to scatter across the globe Only harvesting the ripest parts of the human clonestock Years of pollution has made the meat so tender Thorough the bloodshed and carnage I see an opening to escape Flight or fight To run with all of my might I dare not look back at this gruesome sight All of my kind slaves to appetite Basic little beings The finest breathing fruit To be pick and then juiced your life ends when we're willing To let you go You will not leave this life until your drained of your marrow A slave until your released With your final breath we leave you in pieces A species of great inconvenience Running scared running blind Through the wasteland The stench of death snipping at my neck Anxiety tipping my heels I can feel death creeping up my spine (creeping up my spine) All my friends and my family My government and society Only the lies that reasons the ties Tries the allies we despised don't have white eyes they arise from the vice and the cries and their size they're choosing our rights well never be right so the guns cocked set in our sights I wake up to see my captors standing over me We hail from the garbage heap The fact that we breath is a feat a disease The most unnatural incestuous cannibalistic culture to ever breed The mountains of trash block out the sun This stockpile of idiocy is exactly what we've become I reside in the waste fields of disgrace my species fallen so far from grace This species half human and half waste Fallen from grace This earth once so pristine This earth once so pristine Now a wasteland Earthlings expelling heinous clouds of cess Spreading our filth To contaminate our sex the bloody mess we ingest Thieves we Steal all life Were at fault And there is no denying it The world was the taking We seized it guess it's in our nature To ruin everything The earth a mutated star A planets of rejects Billions that starve For every one of us that is devoured Two more will spring fourth Two more will spring fourth (We are what we eat landfill meat) The Earth now a cemetery Miles of tombstones they vary The earth now a cemetery Were at fault And there is no denying it The world was the taking We seized it guess it's in our nature To ruin everything The earth a mutated star A planets of rejects Billions that starve For every one of.us that is devoured Two more will spring fourth Two more will spring fourth We are what we eat landfill meat When will we learn that our lives our shit we bring zero to the land our Hand are stained red with mother natures blood mixed with our own This bond never broke for as long as she lives on we destroy her She lives we will destroy her time and time again Fesating on our kin The bloodline of this earth will die with us Cannibalistic impulse Fuel us to react on every thought Innards all removed from family members to be dine upon It's so good to have the family all together for fucking once Chewing on the fat and screwing fast to repopulate The never-ending filth buffet of gore and sex Contaminate with every touch we spread our sick upon the dying land to fester straddling the removed mouth release the most Diseased ejaculate resting on the lips of dead the chest is ridden till Broken pelvis fucked to death just the best the body floats in mid air as It's passed around to get gang fucked into the ground coffins crowd surf over continents Of gnarly orgies gargling herpes reaching through me yank On my entrails and tear out my innards I love you mommy dearest and I'm so very proud to be our dinner feet to skull devour me just as we have for centuries I only pray that when I see the face of God past the pearly gates He guts me wide and cums inside as he eats my organs skin and all to be devoured by my god is orgasmic I'm so spastic my lungs expand for the last time I convulse in blood and let out a sigh As I die as I die The world was the taking We seized it guess it's in our nature To ruin everything The earth a mutated star A planets of rejects Billions that starve For every one of.us that is devoured Two more will spring fourth Two more will spring fourth We are what we eat landfill meat Locked away self exile for a misanthropic An apparent cyst of society Underground waiting for the surface to be quite Meanwhile swimming through miles of waste Locked away self exile for a misanthropic An apparent cyst of society Underground waiting for the surface to be quite Meanwhile swimming through miles of waste A cell these sewer walls completely drenched in the waste of human beings The rushing stew a frothy brew flowing past my body in a constant state of Ecstasy Ecstasy My life can be compiled into mounds of shit The steam that lifts off of the piles are all inhaled and make me twitch I guess that's why I'm down here a vile fecal freak Not fit for the normal world i sleep breath and eat shit Writhe in putrescence the essence of my will to live is absent No hope no god no love Only filth to bathe to chug to molest to sodomize myself in the waste of The populace No hope no god no love Only filth to bathe to chug This world is gushing I lap up the spewing trickles The juice of the humans the harmony of global Sodomy This world is gushing i lap up the spewing trickles The juice of the humans the harmony of global sodomy I fester beneath the drain Underneath the vortex of water I lurk and slurp upon your life Overwhelming the scent of man I fester beneath the drain Underneath the vortex of water i lurk and slurp upon your life Counting flies swarming over piles of waste The noose hangs so perfectly from the sewer grate Dangling there so helplessly I do not know what's become of me There is no saving me There is no saving me I do not want to be here Why can't you just please leave me alone Sewers intertwine with graveyards Pulling out coffins in a foul undertow And as the shit flows my orgasm grows Intense euphoria for the prince of coprophagia Sepsis and dephagic enzymes suck the fluids from your muscle Striations Dehydrating the rump of meat the stump of sweet nectar drips from the member salivate at the scent of mankind I fester beneath the drain Underneath the vortex of water I lurk and slurp upon your life Salivate at the scent of mankind My un raveling mind leads me to a place best forgotten in time The sickest gore one can endure beneath the drain my Minions moan obscene Deranged Hanging from the sewer grate remove myself from societies grace all of human kind disgust me an urge to purge my Soul willingly a scourge to evolutions rage seething bleeding for ever Releasing every part of me constantly reaking All of life teaming My soul purging Happiness retreating Beneath the drain I'm seething Life is ceasing To be worth living All my essence is aimed toward repulsing Counting flies swarming of piles of waste The noose hangs so perfectly from the sewer grate Dangling there so helplessly I do not know what's become of me There is no saving me I am hopeless Lost beneath the drain Begging for it to rain My Tepidarium drainage for the human pollutants The festering ecstasy of the populace squeezed off onto the linoleum Destined to drain The worth of you race just merely a stain Upon my bathroom floor The caldarium walls just begging for more To the vestibule the perverts drench the walls the slime is a must taste the musk I sit in a hive of dead erythrocytic cells parasites invading me in filth I trust Slinking down the corridor each door I open more gore that I adore Into troughs made for pig slop the essence of humans it drops Transdermal impregnation of cancer and strains of Ebola never uncovered Prepare to rot and clot and suffer This bubbling cesspool The hypocaust converting stench into a putrid awful steam Amoebas congealing stewing and teaming This human soup forever concealing Waves of waste splash the tile walls the unfortunate vomit in the halls They fornicate through buckets of shit ingesting the leftovers thrown down from the vat Engorging themselves on their own defecation consuming it before it turns into back steam Overweight monsters the bottom of humanity Fucking in a public bathroom powered by our own filth Public indecency the volatile stew we drink to profanity the tingling sensation of epidermal corrosion The broth of human insanity Abnormally mutated brains To fellate in your waste dance upon the stage Of nauseating and vomitus play They begin to attack ephillia cracked Usurp us Deviants Liquidate us Sycophants Sycophants We are Murderers Biological Terrorist The muck thick and fruitless sloshing waning through our Chunkage slipping In fecal carnage tasting the flavor of horror Disgusting us kill us Deviants Sycophants Sodomist Terrorist Molesters Maniacs Animals Usurp us Knee deep in the liquefied history of human unintelligence Our lives our meaning stagnant canals of filth irrigating around the world Mutated coral reefs reaching snapping for your heels Toxic byproducts foaming forming creating the festering flora and fauna Still rivers of shit Crawl along the earth ubiquitously Enveloping the landscape in a haze of obscenity Drowning Drowning In filth Rotting away A lifetime to feel Reflect and regret Mountains of garbage trickle runoffs into the ocean of cess I swim through feces molesting floating corpses abscess Mutated reject obsessive masturbatory Global caldarium for the bleeding spewing and churning Drowning into depths of waste Choking on profanity this ocean of humanity Now waist deep I feel the parasites flangelate around me tearing of skin as they simply glide by Necrotizing membranes disruption Respiratory poisons cause muscular hypoxia Patience is the narrowest canal Yet the rip tides are much less life threatening If there is no room for error,you and your people are already dead If there is no consequences to actions,you yourself shall become extinct Patience is the narrowest canal Yet the riptides are much less life threatening Why did no one listen? Why did no one avert their attention? The blood of my world, is on all of our hands Thrashing about in the liquefied shit The stench is corrosive and is making you sick Try and escape the foul aroma Useless thrashing only alerts underwater predators Trench through this liquid world Not at all surprised of the outcome of this species Made from shit bred from shit the worst living things Like maniac apes with rabies Seas of shit plains of grit mountains of garbage Searching through the landfill for our past and being This sad but obvious descend of humanity into putridity Disgusting depth now reached dillusions of a diluted society of freaks Gargling rotten sewage in between the bell chimes from garbage hill Erecting monuments representing human stupidity Dancing apple in hand the last unrotten thing consumed And now we slowly starve assimilate into our landfill  Real fades Seems like all this is fake So vague Disillusioned in all ways Blinded by the state of things It's hard to see the truth It's a world filled with hate and fury It's a world where nothing like it's supposed to be It's a world where lifes are on display It's a world where no one knows your name Deprivation It's a world where only cash is praised Reset your soul It's a world where everything's for sale Maybe time has come to finally recognize You cannot seize the days Until this chase is over You're trapped inside this vicious maze You're struggling for your breath Every day you're growing older Your only way to free your life is to reset your soul Tell me do you like the road we've taken Life is a sum of mistakes There must be something deep down You have to find out your way It's a world where freedom is enslaved Reset your soul It's a world where reason's locked away Maybe time has come to finally find out why Time passes by Thought I'd soothe my soul I haven't though I don't feel the same It's hell inside With every shot Heavens die Darkness fills the skies They made me fight Made me take lives Kill with a stone cold face They made me fight Run and hide Stay alive Keep a rifle by my side I'm not allowed to choose Another point of view Night and day Sun and rain Feel the blood pump through my veins Unconsciously subdued Why am I so confused They made me fight Endless devotion Sudden emotion Buried in silence cries Do as you are told Never whine or moan You'll never question your orders Army is your home Gun is all you'll own Inside a battle you're all alone Do as you are told Never whine or moan You'll never question your orders Army is your home Gun is all you'll own You gotta know that You are a demon of war Face to face Arm to arm Eye to eye Play with fire Feel no pain War's my game Fear I've tamed Survival is my aim Sun goes away Night wins over day People are running scared I'm on fire Fate is to blame Cannot fight with myself Panic runs through my veins I'm on fire Maybe I'll find A way To be free Like an open space Want to feel Want to cry Want to feel frail I can feel it rise again Hunger blinds what's left inside me One step away I felt this candied taste One final move What have I done again Why once again I have lost my chance to change The beast within me Spat straight to my face Now, now I know I might never be alone Live each day While this demon finds its prey Wait I can try to change Try to change my life Die and leave yourself behind Forever free my mind And let me fix my soul Now I've come to realize My enigmatic life Is filthy, sick and low Silence in my head I'm not filled with dread I feel numb and it's all over Dreams are bright again Mind is strong and sane I've been freed from all this horror What is wrong with me Maybe it's not real I cannot take it Someone rescue me It was not a dream I feel like caving There's no way I'd live as two forever I won't be a part of this endeavor Don't want to hide my face Destiny's won the fight I feel weak inside Time to set me free Face now it's time to face This wretched fate of mine Go time to go I must find another home Yes I'm prepared To run away Leave the flesh and soul Yes I must go Disappear I can't see another way Why I feel this way Fear of future days What I feel inside Force majeure Someone by my side Keeps me sane You are my truth Am I the only one Who wants to see your face I stare towards the skies To figure out your ways A chance to feel at peace and free Catch the time and don't let go Every moment feels so strong Like it never had Before I struggled with each day And wind would blow straight to my face I worried then What happens when Everyone For whom I lived One sunless day Will leave without goodbye I feel unsafe I'd like to know Will You help me stand up high Let me cross the fire Put a stop to my cries Let me stumble on heaven's smile One ray of light to realize Hope Never dies My friends just left me There's no one here I'm all alone Really hard to understand Hard to explain Really hard to realize Never felt what I feel now I think I'm afraid I want to wake Leave all behind I want to find a way To follow like cats do I will keep Keep on running Running faster Until I lose my breath And this cruel Cruel empty town Be the last on Earth It scares me Like darkness scares the kids I'm crossing streets Hearing my heart beat Seeking someone in a panic Someone just like me Just real, standing here Whom I can touch with my fingers To believe Nobody to talk to Nobody to complain Nobody who'd help make my soul clean I don't know what to do I feel that one false move can break me down Can break me down The only thing comes to mind just run away Without leaving tracks in the mud I never wanted to break I never wanted to feel this way I keep on crossing Holding my heart Looking for someone like me Like I am Never wish to be the last man Your dreams may come true Every word you say may come real Always think twice Power that you have and space around you Can be not enough to let you win Not losing all Not losing you Losing me Do we have to even take it When empty words feel just like flames Why the hell do we even bother We cannot keep them far away Why every word is never final Seems like we're wandering in a fog Why is it hard to try to fight them Those cyberpsychos we all know Those words have never made nobody smile They burn and sting over and over Is this some kind of "see me, help me" cry? Are you some kind of new age showman? Hero Behind the cable Fingers Full of anger Cyber toxic Venom Safely Behind the wall Hidden From the outside Delusions of Grandeur It's a mark of times Spreading stupid lies It doesn't make no sense Who's to blame Leave those lads alone Always let things go They will keep coming back so Care no more Have no respect Hate Rage Wrath Anger Pain Cry Harm Sorrow  Careless life given on a silver plate Illusory conviction that you're more than great Money has no value since it's always there Your inner vision has been impaired Somehow, it will not ever change You'll choose the easy way No sweat, no tears, no sand thrown Into your open eyes You've set a foul game That doesn't know fair play Tell me explain me Where the fuck's your shame? Sticky hands, briefcases filled with cash You always end up with the bigger stash One for me five and six for you Under the streetlight no one has a clue It's the way You act That sickens me Your rotten morality failed Spoiling the bunch Parasitizing healthy cells It sickens me It sickens me You always speak using the edge of knife On his anxiety your ego thrives No keys are needed to open any door Grab what's inside and leave him on the floor Endless escape, a path with no aim Isolation of the transience Trampled in my weakness I'm born and killed every day Time comes! We all have a time and place Truth be told! We all have a role to play Believe it! We're all a part of an opus We don't know it's there Insanely, internally Like a stone tied to my neck I poke the thought that's trying to help I cannot reach for its hand Time comes! We all have a time and place Truth be told! We all have a role to play Believe it! We're all a part of an opus We don't know it's there Now Losing pain I cry for myself Now Open a solid heart Now I'm tired but hope for rebirth  Turn away while I’m being held down The color blue I see while I drown The serpent coils itself around my neck to end what he began Tainted are the times that we made A jealous mind with thoughts embracing rage My back, it warms itself upon the sun The closest to hell I’ll ever be Take out the venom inside of me Don’t pray for me Don’t talk to me with fake sincerity Take out the venom inside of me Don’t pray for me Don’t talk to me Just fucking scream I’ll walk you in the water in my arms Our trouble’s over the horizon Lay me down to sleep in a sailor’s grave As the venom takes and fills my lungs A bite mark leads a path to salvation I’ve walked too far to leave this blinding light To face what walks the night The serpent coils around my neck to end what he began The serpent coils around my neck to end what this became Die well Don’t you pity me I’ve been facing my demons for the longest time They’re given away They’re given away Well, don’t you pity me I’ve been facing my demons for the longest time Taking me alive It’s meant to be Let it slip away They’ll cover you in fire Your time has come and gone again I won’t turn away Well, don’t you pity me I’ve been facing my demons for the longest time They’re given away They’re given away Well, don’t you pity me I’ve been chasing my demons for the longest time Taking my life; inside Hold a gun to my head Am I better off dead? You know You know it’s not the same Hold a gun to my head Am I better off dead? My family is leaving me with angel wings Wake up My mind induced escapes me Don’t you try to make me I don’t want to walk the thin red line of right and wrong Your bombs they come to break us Destroy the voice that made us But I just want to live My family is leaving me with angel wings I walk along the edge of a flat world Risking the fall into depression The unwalked, the unknown My mind is drowned with negative thoughts of paranoia My only relief is a paradise that exists inside my mind Stare into the void I’m alive Our carelessness has sent us into the void and I’m alive but I cannot see the sky through the canopy I’m the judge of this game we play The winner, the loser I’ll face it alone I’m where the wolves fear to tread The fear of failure haunts me Legions of people come and go in my life The only constant is change in this abyss So many people live ignorant lives Their pockets are lined in gold with green eyes Your inspiration is to your direction We’ll lay it up upon a bed of nails Your mind’s direction, is to your salvation We’ll lay it up upon a bed of nails And then I open up my eyes And then I open up my eyes So many people lead to death, enthused Legions of people come and go in my life Choke the world to death in this game And we’re lost So many people live a criminal life Their minds are made corrupt with no end  Everywhere, faces I see stare back in despair Trading places with those faces Won't go far but you must hold on You don't know what you've got, until it's gone And without fear, to disappear You pay the price, for your life Hope as high as the mountains, With our faces against the southern winds I'll grasp inside, to stay alive, And face my fears, with the will to live You must become the change you wish to see in the world If you want to go far, go together and blanket the cold You must become the change you wish to see in the world If you want to go fast, go alone but never back up and fold Everyday, you have to face the fight, to find a way Nothing's easy, that will please me As I search for truth and hold on To everything I've found in 'til I'm gone And at the end, my life is spent I'm facing death, with the path I went Hope as high as the mountains, With our faces against the southern winds I'll grasp inside, to stay alive, And face my fears, with the will to live You must become the change you wish to see in the world If you want to go far, go together and blanket the cold You must become the change you wish to see in the world If you want to go fast, go alone but never back up and fold Desolate This is becoming And beneath the feet of us this Earth will shake. It will take the treasures invested in your soul As the sky turns red and the oceans boil From the depths , of the untread, given birth by a distant sun Apophis discriminates against no one To turn sand into glass We'll be done by midnight When the sky is turned to stone And its earth against earth The death of the sapian The wise and the faithful Only the man with the reason Will this notice be useful Destroyer of worlds You can black out the sky Our reasons to live and lie, are our reasons to die Obscene, is the waste of this earth, A celestial body for that it is cursed More then, this plague of man We yearn for wings and lungs with air As our reign on earth comes to an end Suicide, in mind, for a death before our time The corruption flow is our fatal crime So hold your breath until your lungs are wet But hold your loved ones closer, in the darkness, hold composure We're failing but we're alive To find your piece of mind Search in this great divide Walking blindly, looking through the eyes of scripture They pick the teachings only fit for today Man-made gods, moulded in our only image Blind faith and myths compose all our history What's the voice inside? My mind is filtered with the moral Zeitgeist There was no sin, But the absence of truth in the world I won't take part in the foolishness held We die for freedom Only the wise survive We die for truth Paying the price with lives We abandon this logic, at expense to ourselves We abandon this logic, at our expense Let's watch the suns burn into darkness They don't all have to be from Earth Be all from Earth In the white sky view of the future When time has told if we are worthy or not Let's watch the suns burn In the end, when committed to darkness We shall learn death from truth  Every day I fall Through the cracks Deeper and deeper Slipping Straying to obliteration (Please help me) Self Destructive Gray skies Only one thing To look for hope From a state of confusion To a reminiscent lonely depression I fall Like a bullet to the head Thoughts shot full force Overcoming, excluding Existence frozen Left searching for sanctity Or at least a moment of truth I can't clear my mind I can't take a look inside I don't know what the fuck to do This could happen to you Attempted Exodus Nowhere to run Come on!! Trapped in a society where guilt and greed reign Our world totes hatred with only our brothers to blame Thousands die, millions cry Waiting in their homes to absorb the lies Too far gone from our moral blood We have run away Pointing fingers, condescending yes Who is to differentiate the enemy Look inside yourself (For what is right) Look behind the scheming lies No longer will I watch the lives Of my beloved companions be sucked down the drain When the fate of of a generation lies with morons We are not playing games. Where to turn when the whole world's at war We will be smart but we won't be passive anymore Our nation constantly instilling the fear To prolong this war another ten years But we won't give in to your fight We'll fight for what is right You look at what is At what is going on At what we have and you say, why? But I look in my heart In my dreams and say Why not Why can't we Why can't we coexist Because we are all terrorists We talk with closed fists Ready to fight Ready for hate You said love it, or leave it But I believe in change Straight from my heart I will never believe in you Believe in what you say Everything that comes Out of your mouth Is forced upon Forced upon my name I will never trust you I will never have faith in you I will never love you Until I'm standing over your grave I can't be saved I cannot be saved How can you give a fuck about me But you don't know what I've been through You don't know ten minutes of my life So I wont waste my time with you Your ways are too corrupt A fucking book cannot break us We don't want your afterlife So stay the fuck away from us Pressures of a hundred pounds Crashing down in my life Technicalities, realized fallacies Fuel the fire of my strife How do I know which path I'll walk? Mental freedom, It's all I'll talk So many possibilities Yet my life has bee foreseen How many fucking years? Until I'm a real human being Because every fucking movement Is just a petty routine Out of my reach Out of m hands I wake up everyday Just to fill your demands 24 more just waiting for the next Looking forward to something Wasted, just like all the rest Whose life do I live? I want it back! I'm taking it back It takes two thousand years To prove to ourselves we can We can handle But some things we just can't make When will this hatred overcome Every three billion souls It counts on all of us But it's not fair Its just not fair To the world and her innocence We tear each other into pieces One by one we fall Bound back by leashes How many thousand years will it take To replace earths gift of life I only think we have to win and we have to sacrifice Innocence shed her blood for the evil to drink We stand upon the brink Your temporal passion With your plastic reaction Make me reconsider My feelings for you A heart made of gold But obviously cold It's all been sold And there are more than just a few So excited to see me But I know the truth Your phony behavior Has no use Materials are what your made of It flows in your fake blood As your Styrofoam heart Pumps greed through your veins Real people live in pain Buried in the remains Of a society with built on fame I know it will never be the same Fake blood It is so fucking fake If only you could take A look at who you are From a new point of view I am not deceived The beauty I believed was within a kind heart Has no place in you Endless waste Seething pain Brought by greed From the virtues of mans reign Counting minutes to seconds From the fingertips of the slain Born to death, soldiers of pain Soon will become now As time disappears No words left to be spoken Just a planet of tears We no longer wait for our pleasures to gain But rather to be saved What have we done To deserve this cold and bleak domain Instead of life we are born not to live But for slavery Born for slavery Follow my path Follow my path to the decline of humanity Counting minutes to seconds as we loose our sanity Drown me in your misery Don't shroud your problems over me I watched your presence fade away Now you're gone and that's OK False friendship never seems to stay But true brotherhood always remains Worthless life Better off dead Accusation lost Hatred fed I was down for you and you were down for me I watched our friendship die, so clear to see But for those of you who still remain Our friendship will be unslain Worthless life, better off dead Pressure is building I'm gonna explode I can't escape this self destructive mode Hang in there it will be OK I promise there will be a better day I won't let you turn your back We will struggle through the days I cant watch you check out On all the promises that you've made I'm there for you all the time I wish I could stop you from this better Crime (Suicide) I forced myself in, I locked myself out Now I'm just another face in the crowd That's not true you're one of a kind Don't let this world pull you behind Time are rough I think I had enough I've got to break from from the world's hand cuffs I want wait until the fucking end If you wont do it, I'll put a bullet in my head Grab my hand for my last breath As my tortured soul creates death Hang in there it will be OK I promise there will be a better day The tears in my eyes wont me see What my own fucking mind is doing to me I wish i could save you This needs to stop right now But all I can do is ask myself how  Stripped down, emptied, left with nothing What the fuck did we work for? To be taken., castrated I would give anything just to know your name So I can have my part in your fall I really just want to take back what's mine But what goes around will come around to you. As I walk into an empty room Struck by an instant heart beat I feel the impending sense of doom Weigh down upon me I need a name along with a face To displace the outrage When nobody knows a goddamn thing Its time to realize we're fucked It's hard when there's no solution and we try to face the world with broken limbs If and when you're found then you'll be the one Then you will be the one to be left without a single fucking thing I'm falling to the ground And I'm feeling sick But really we are the ones who have been taken for our everything A barren sentiment of hopelessness attacks me Caving in my brain amazed it happened to me And the stress that follows is the part that really is tearing a hole inside of me I try to look ahead for some sort of resolve, but while they are still breathing then the problem can never be solved Defenseless, helpless can't stop thinking about taking my vengeances Can't believe that we were the ones dealt this, numb to the world, feeling senseless I guess I just accept the beating and try to forget this, and it not my fault but I still regret it It's not about pity and aggression Numb to the world and feeling senseless When you break your fucking back for some asshole to walk off with your life It is hard to see the fucking point I try to be productive but I can't escape the animosity Consumed with daydreams of cranial departure, I wan to smash your fucking face So this is to whoever you are I hope that it was worth it So this is to, whoever you are. I'll sleep with one eye open for you This is to whoever you are... FUCK YOU What is the capacity of our lives? How much shit can we fit to satisfy the fetish Of material commodities Possession, the ruler of happiness I can't resist the overindulgence in this shit In order to truly understand our ridiculousness I would have to been stripped Taken away from my ever growing mountain of bits It's not just a disorder of the rich It's nearly American to be stuck in this ditch Even when the majority is living in the pits At what fucking point can we agree that we really have enough? As the mountain forges upward, we suffocate in an abundant heap of our own chattels Assets like a drug, to satisfy Sufficiency is a dream The modern perception of adequacy is a fucking disgust Desire is an infinite void with out borders that can never fulfill the eternal lust If only we could see the boundaries Perhaps we would be able to draw the line to separate what we truly need Self-gratification seems to come wrapped in plastic With a price tag on it and every fucking store seems to have it We are told to soak it up To keep a full cup And this is considered a blessing What the fuck? How can we grow if we are living in the past? Where progression is condemned and life is only just a path To an unknown unreal existence Better yet how can anyone believe it? You told me that Jesus loves us all but you sleep on the streets You pray to god every night but your family can't eat. I know you aren't stupid, so what are you doing? It is not just yourself its the fucking world that it's screwing His eternal love has bred an epidemic of hate Killed off our free will and replaced it with fate Until our seeds are born unpoisoned and uncontaminated Future generations will only know miseducation It's a scary situation when it's captured most of the entire fucking nation I wish more than anything for society to change. Stop killing! Stop dying over religion an relying on a god to feed their children Living life without feeling It's a degradation to humanity, to believe that we all subserviently accept a life of disease and wage slavery and they continue to teach kids their lives are out of their reach The cyclical onslaught leaves a bloody red chord in the name of the imaginary almighty lord Everyone is killing each other because god loves us all There's no hope for change unless this bullshit falls There can be no peace until we murder the lord Religion is a drain on society, and has held us back for centuries Countless acts of violence and atrocities Committed in the name of a supreme being Evolution means anti-religion, and until we get there society is living in a fucking prison Because of an unsightly regressive history decorated with war There can be no peace until we murder the lord What the fuck Petrified frozen I can't believe it I was wrong but what the fuck are they? All 60 million of them Remove my blindfold of optimism so I can feel the ignorance come alive What is the appeal of deception and ignorance? This is bigger than your front door, your gun I cry for the work and every Fallujah that will ever happen in our future To the rest of the work just know that we are sorry and that we care whether you live or die Feels like I'm fighting against a brick wall and I can't help but feel like giving up Come on... Wake up and see that there's some other shit going on! It goes far beyond and unfortunately I learn that in this war I am just a pawn There is no hope, seems like my only option is to not give a fuck an cope Because when ignorance reigns it really rains blood in the rest of the world and at home we're still all fucked Just take a look around, look at what we have become I can't lie to myself I boil in disgust when confronted with what's real And this time it was, but what about the rest of us, and those whole will die all because So give in to the empire, let the bombs fly I pledge allegiance to nothing What is left to hope for? When things continually get worse And what is there to love, when I despise what I see happening I can't lie To myself I can't love what I hate I am sorry but you are failing me and you failed the entire fucking world United they stand but divided we are All spit on your name until the day that you fucking fall Wake up, Fight back, open your eyes and see that we are under attack Take it for granted and they will take it all right back Right back is where we are going, regression to the Dark Age Open up our present lives and it's another fucking black page Read between the lines and it's another black page Prepare for the oncoming storm, the shadows will plagues this world for years Social apocalypse from fucked up politics, prepare to be ruled Welcome to the hell you have created, not even your lord approves I hope you are all happy, but I want change or I want out The association with this addiction is far too shameful for me to just smile Acceptance is castration Apathy is too difficult when disgust boils my blood Welcome to a world eradicated of love Soon I am going to explode The cultural divide breeds believers of the lies No solution on either side, just waiting for a change of tide Chaos, all I see is madness, how the hell could anyone let this happen? Cause when it's all fucked up, maybe they will realize that they're all stuck Soon we're going to crawl back to living in a cave Face the consequences because you dug your own grave The setback and atrocities will be the markers of our age The next chapter of our lives is just another black page So here I am screaming, tired and ugly Get the fuck off me, you can't fucking touch me Wake up, Fight back, open your eyes and see we that we are under attack Take it for granted and they will take it all right back Pressure is building I'm gonna explode I can't escape this self destructive mode Hang in there it will be OK I promise there will be a better day I won't let you turn your back We will struggle through the days I cant watch you check out On all the promises that you've made I'm there for you all the time I wish I could stop you from this better Crime (Suicide) I forced myself in, I locked myself out Now I'm just another face in the crowd That's not true you're one of a kind Don't let this world pull you behind Time are rough I think I had enough I've got to break from from the world's hand cuffs I want wait until the fucking end If you wont do it, I'll put a bullet in my head Grab my hand for my last breath As my tortured soul creates death Hang in there it will be OK I promise there will be a better day The tears in my eyes wont me see what my own fucking mind is doing to me I wish i could save you this needs to stop right now but all I can do is ask myself HOW Everything is fine did you really believe it Sold to the nation. But just simply repeated Could not imagine it was all their imagination Indoctrination of a mere creation Towering over the world It's all for the safety of your family But any further questions Render you the new enemy Its like war is peace And freedom is slavery Ignorance is strength and is treated as bravery Payback for daddy And all your buddies are happy I won't believe the fucking lies An Orwellian nightmare seem to be the times I was marching in the streets because I saw the fucking signs Of a worldwide onslaught to feed the giant I will not believe the fucking lies I can't take anymore news selling a product Try to keep me quiet, I won't be silent They told me to soak it up fast and join the national brainwash hastily Pop back your prescription and god bless us all as the world goes fucking crazy Pledge allegiance to the lies, and to the disguise So we can dampen out the cries and let the bombs fly To what ends must we contend? Overpower, control in the name of defense I don't know how the world is going to deal with it Since we're stuck with another four years of this shit Now they found your man but when will we see the final cost And in the end, how many lives were lost Not yours, or any of your peers Tear our fucking families apart, and now for over a year I would rather die, than to kill for you. You fucking scumbag, FUCK YOU!!! Sell it to the nation like it's the fucking superbowl But I know not to play their role I can't stomach another dose of their lies Kill for this! Die for this! Even though the truth is right in front of your eyes Lies The dream is dead and seldom lived So there has to be a better way than just hoping to be rich But I look around and what see Plutocracy You're purpose is to pollute me, to degrade me Plutocracy Sign my name unwillingly agree to fucking slavery I know it fucking sucks, but what can I do, I've got to hold on have to try to make it through When we are left on our own to freeze every man is the enemy Spend my life to improve his Toil while he is spoiled It doesn't make sense Everyday it kills me But what can I do? To be a part of the system is to be ruled No one is given a fair chance and at times life is a gamble Brought it to existence born already wearing the capitalist shackles Push me tot he bottom and crush me into the earth How low I go or tall I stand traces back to my birth Use it to defile my freedom and despoil my home Desecrate my mind and my life as a whole I know there is more to life than this but I can't just forget You want to feed yourself, then place your bet The only true freedom from this shit is isolation But I won't live interned to a cage in captivation Self soothing. Self improving, but not long till we start shooting. Trained to be insane and punished for the same Consider this a withdrawal of my own name Where the fuck are we after two thousand years What have we become? Just some cavemen with guns, almost like life is a game and we do it just for fun Disable your brain and make your move to insane Just do your fucking job and you wont be the one to blame We are always the ones to blame I want to live free, no master no gods Stay young until I die but somehow that's odd A purposeful facade suppressing who we are... They ruined freedom so I am going to shut it down Progress is less than gradual when we are still killing each other, seems like we will go a full circle end up back in trouble I'm going to stand tall above the oppression above the hate Stand firm on my own two feet, I know it's hard but I am going to carry my weight Fuck ignorance, I'd rather be the invisible man and stay the fuck out of their master plan Live my life, the way that I am supposed to as a human, not as a fucking drone Every day, I look around and I see what we value and it boggles my mind I can't participate any more Shut it down!  There were lots of warnings, but somehow they couldn't see it. The facts don't add up and I'll never believe in the spout of lies and deception. Now we hand in our freedom for what they are calling protection. A terrorized population and then look what happens to our administration. Who benefits? Who benefits? Who really benefits from the world ablaze? Welcome to the new American century where pearl harbor is right around the corner. Even when airplanes are falling from the sky they are counting on the fact that we will never ask why. Ask why it has come to this. So many lost. Where was the most advanced line of defense in the world before the nation crashed down to the ground? The war on terror is a hoax and we are all being lied to. Act courageously. Fight the real enemy. The greatest threat to our freedom is not terrorism, but what our government does to counter it and cover it up. The inhumanity is repulsive. Go beyond the sound bytes and oversimplified official report and open your eyes to a profit driven massacre. Terrorstorm. It has happened all through out history. Cover-ups and false flags used to deceive and mangle our hearts and minds into supporting war. The time has come to stop using the flag as a blindfold, to stop waving our guns and our gods at the world. We must seek truth and justice. Take a close look and see that we the people are the victims of a violent terrorstorm. Fight the real enemy. I wish I could pull this off me, the weight is dragging me down and it's getting exhausting. Frozen in time but the clock keeps ticking. I fear to look at my life and see that there is something I'm missing. Each day, I lay awake. Empty Inside looking for the next break. I am seeing and I am breathing but I am looking for a goddamn reason. As my jaw proceeds to separate off of my skull, I wonder how to dig myself out of this hole. I try so hard, but I just can't win. But here we go again. The weeks pile up and I'm ascending downward, always looking for a plan for the next few hours. I lock it all in and I shut myself up. This is not normal, This is not me. Isolated and alienated, my foundation has been decimated. Forlon and fucking war torn. Problems of the world leave my face with a bitter scorn. Please return my carnium. And no has one fucking word to say to elaborate on how everything is going to be OK. Grief, despair, anger, animosity. I feel hollow, but filled up with sorrow, but I keep my head up for a better tomorrow. Grinding my teeth down flat. Morning comes along and my incisors are gone. Lift the curse off of my face. Relieve me of my burden, so I can know my own name. Take a deep breath and blow away the storming rain. I want to reassume my body. I want you to recognize my face. If I could turn back time to a better day, then maybe I would stop grinding my teeth. Disgusting, these twisted priests. I would smile if every last parish perished in a smoking blaze. So let the bombs fly right into the heart of the holy city. Because what more harm can they do to a child. Next time eat his little heart. Break into his will and tear his entire life apart. It makes me sick, a spiritual leader who can't even control his own dick. To what extent does forgiveness reach? If pedophilic abuse and rape is the lesson that they really teach. And they continue to preach, but my sermon is much more clear and simple...You are the scum of the earth. Hypocrites and robbers, what more can they do to wrong the world? Next time smash his brains out. Psychologically fucked and there is never going to be a way out. Take the family's money, and their child's virginity. So I say fuck that bastard Nazi pope, there's been a dick down Benedict's holy throat. Right under his nose, thousands are violated. It is for you twisted creeps that I wish Hell actually existed so that by any and every means possible punishment for your ghastly abuse intrusion and the desecration will be shot right up your righteous assholes. You make me fucking sick. I say let the bombs fly, right into your houses of god so you can know how it feels to have your heart ripped right out. Let the bombs fly. No more pardons. Holy shit. I am the animal, I am life. I am my choices and I am yours too. You might watch me suffer and you may see me survive. Spit disease right in my face and I'll fall to illness maybe death. Shitfaced you crush me in your truck and you might get to feel my last breath. I try, I try and I try but I can't say as much for the rest. I am just an animal in the jungle and I can only do my best. Vigorous heart of the lion but it still could mean my head. I belong to you, I belong to this world. So I wouldn't be surprised if I went spinning off the face of this earth. I want control, I want control, but I'm just an animal surrounded by beasts. Beasts are everywhere and catastrophe is inevitable and no matter how rabid or tame an animal the hammer of calamity indiscriminately strikes and it could strike you down because sometimes us animals get smashed. I am the animal. Feel me breathe. Hear me roar. Suffocate me and I am going to choke. As we are pushed into the jungle, deeper and deeper we see that this is where the animals live and this is where us animals die. In a world just dying for a little bit of love, is this all really what we need? The trampling, the rape, the deceit, the deterioration, the weakening. I would say that I refuse but now it's nearly impossible to defy the stronghold that they have on us. Malpractice becomes too common. And since it costs less for them to feed us cancer, begin your goodbyes and prepare your will. In the face of all life in decline we give them tax cuts as punishment for their crimes. Destroyer of worlds for the rest of time. The corporation means the end of mankind. I won't accept domination. I won't accept livelihood and you blood. I want to see you monsters fail, but it's too hard to take on them all. What the fuck have we done? What the fuck have we done? And they need your money now even if it means that a few thousand more starve or are grossly deformed or are born without eyes. I look ahead on our path and all I see is fucking doom. Plunder and Rape. It's sick, operating from this ditch. It boggles my mind we still have to put up with this shit. We have been dragging for years. And if words mean nothing then why are we talking. So many times I wish I had the strength to turn around walking. It's beyond an injustice, the way that we are trampled and it still blows my mind. Just save your sleepless nights of abuse and binges for when I need you the most so I can regret my faith in you. Now my heart is pounding at the sight of your stupid glass eyes. Can't see straight, can't walk straight, can't live straight. You just spit in my face knowing that I'll be there tomorrow to drag you along. You're a liar, and you are taking years off my life. Jaw clinched tight even long after you are out of sight. Prove me wrong, if prove me wrong then I would gladly forget all about this song. But somehow you continue to surprise me. How long can I sustain this? Dysfunction leaving me brainless. Scornful derision is the message your sending. A throat full of curses is inevitably pending. You can't hide shit from me, that's ridiculous. Try to play it off you can't be serious. I wish there was a way out. Got to find a way to cure what's inside of you. I am having dreams at night of my hands violently wrapped around your neck, and I want to return the pain. It's hard to believe where I have placed my priorities in life knowing who you really are. I am just glad that I'm not you, and I will never be like you. I got my guard up for another let down, and sadly enough it prefaces your name. And here we are again. You make it so hard to just be proud of my self, sooner than later I might just be somebody else. Take a look at yourself. I never wanted to fall from the top of the world but here I am. And now I am tired and fucking ugly and I hate it but it's all I can be. Locked up, fucked up but I know I'm not the only one. I hear that life goes on, but I guess just not for everyone. Consumed by bliss that now all I do is miss. The memories can make me happy but now I'm fucking pissed! Hopeless. Irrationally searching every single dimension to find a way to bring me closer to you. It's night like these when my jaw is being pried off the sides of my face and it feels as if somehow I swallowed a fucking shoe. I want to tear out my throat so just for a minute I might be able to finally breathe. What has happened to me? Not a day goes by when I didn't wish I were still living in September 2005. I never wanted to live this way or to feel this pain. And I can't stop asking why. Now I see that life is just a game. Sometimes everyday with out you, is another day I wish I didn't have to go through. It still hits me like a brick everyday and it will never go away. I never wanted you to go away. I hang my head deep into my chest, tormented to realize that for now this is the best. I want my life back, I want your life back more than anything. I never wanted to fall from the top of the world but here I am, and to some degree I always feel like shit because your...Gone, forever. Gone, taken from me. Gone, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. I used to think depression had nothing to do with me. Now every day of my life I'm faced with despair and misery. Because some dumb fucking asshole made some bad choices, and he landed on you, and we all pay the price...Now I know the meaning of being alone. Where are we now? And where are we going? In an era of seeming defeat, how do we find the strength to get back on our feet. Because I know that we are never yet truly beat. There has got to be hope. Standing in the witch graveyard I have seen movement. In the eye of a crumbling world where trust is nothing. I search for hope for the ones that I love. It's hard to look forward with each day collapsing. I dig deep for the triumphant achievements in our history. Or simply for the fact that no one in Salem was crushed to death with rocks today or burned alive. Sometime, I have to ask where is the light in this world of darkness? Progress is hiding in the cracks even when looking ahead seems like a series of mistakes. I can see the beauty of failure in that we have got a second chance. Standing over the witch's grave, I can see a change. We have seen change. In the eye of a crumbling world where trust is nothing. It's hard to look forward with each day collapsing. Hopelessness is getting tired and I want to come alive. So I am going to strive for the best because dreams are what makes this world turn around. Sometime, I have to ask where is the light in this world of darkness? Progress is hiding in the cracks even when looking ahead seems like a series of mistakes. I can see the beauty of failure in that we have got a second chance. Standing over the witch's grave, I can see... Where are we now? And where are we going? In an era of seeming defeat, we look ahead for change to get back on our feet. And on the day that I die, should it be soon...take this from me for clarification. And when I come crashing, and it could be too soon, just know that I lived for change. Don't take this the wrong way. Sell all my shit and give the money to my brother. Make sure Milo has a good home and a hill to run. For now I know, that I could be next. Just don't take this the wrong way. I have not a deathwish but rather a less inaccurate understanding of what it means to be alive. Today I dreamt of life on earth and I boarded a train ready for the world. Descending on the streets where the sky is scraped and the crowds collect. Confused and alone I try to find my way. My heart beat as I chased my life through the street. Walk with me. Cold world, embrace me because I am lost in the chaos and I feel all alone. Nothing to call my own. I fell in love today and it was the best thing I ever felt. No more confusion about who I am because this is who I want to be. I woke up with a purpose and I laughed back at the crowds drowning in modern bullshit. I planted a tree in front of my home and I can no longer see out of my window but it makes me smile just to watch it grow. And I opened my eyes to the beautiful things that make my world spin around. Today I heard that another hundred men were killed. Many people joined me in dismay and we crowded the streets. Today everything was taken from me, stripped down to nothing but a bag of bones. Today I ripped out my heart out of my chest and I stamped it into the earth. My face turned to raw bone and I danced with the stars. And the pages stopped turning in my passionate journey. They just couldn't tame him.  I found you broken and bleeding, Without a trace of hope. You slit your wrists just to see if he’d even give a damn. No, you are so loved! Stand up on your own two feet, Do away with truth untold. You’re meant for more than you can know, Your life will remain. Remain in the light till the call, Don’t let darkness descend on your soul. Self-afflicted are scars of the past. Left behind in the shadow of death. Another sting of meaningless division, From the place we are meant to call home. You told me I should do what was right for me and you. So I took a stand on shattered legs and broke my fist in two. Hold me steady. My final moment. I will give my life for you. When I’m returned to the place I was born Bury me when I will die; in your arms. I know I am too lost, The one way too far gone. But hopefully, I might just be at peace in another life. When I die, lay me down, Outside these walls to rest my head, Far from here. I would have never thought I’d leave, Without a single trace to show. The malevolence, the travesty, Of a life lived without cause. With forgiven feet I tread, Towards a bright light at the end. What I leave behind, just out of sight, Will cease to intertwine. I am never gonna see, What you saw in-between. The fabled life without, you’re falling to your knees. Is this what you left for, To fight a long lost war? A dark and hollow grave, is where this path will end. Unless you turn away, in the cold ground you’ll stay. This is a warning! Turn and walk away. Behold – Harbinger! Calls you home. The cities will fall into the sea that day. The land will break and the oceans take their place. Swallow the earth, shatter the sky. Harbinger take flight. The cities will fall into the sea that day. Torn apart from the outside in. No blood spills forth, only blackened sin. Wasted your life with no sacrifice. Treason in its truest form. Vacancy that can rival hell. In the latter bound to dwell. Forever, beckons forth. So silent, no remorse! No remorse. This is a warning, the hour is turning. Renewal is coming, to cleanse us all. Hide behind all you’ve died to find. The darkness will take all that fall in the wake of the Harbinger! I feel the burn of the flame within me, I’ve come to know and accept this feeling. Pushed to the edge, I’ll claw a way straight through. To find my solace now, A soul I will renew. I will escape my fate, I want to live again. There’s no such thing as a heart too heavy, Even the burden of life and memory. A purpose-driven existence to find, The past is gone, the future redefined. I am the side effect. I am a by-product. I am the consequence. I am the side effect. With my hands, I’ll start anew. Another way to make it through. Not to be just another side effect. The seeds we have sown in our days, Will eat us alive. Suffocation under all we’ve made, They will become our demise, they will eat us alive. Where can we turn to save ourselves? Will we burn for what we’ve done? I know that I can find redemption, Sheltered in the Shadow of the Mountain! Pulled under and apart. Blood will flow, Under the waves and pulling tides. The agony I feel, is not the sin I bear. A torturous design, brought up by passing time. Broken bone, the end is near, near! Twisted flesh, the end is here, here! All the wealth of all the world, Feeble comfort for a soul. All the wealth of all the world, What good is it to… Oh can you hear it now? The lonely static sound. An open wound that I cannot cauterize. It’s taken everything, Except the strength within. For now I bleed, one too many times. I was so blind I could not see, All of the things it did to me. I was so blind I could not see, I want to be free. Oh, I want to be free. I’m staring at the broken ground, A sign it’s gone from me. And all that’s left is the sound, My heartbreak symphony. Within a lonely place I stand, Nothing to stop my fears and thoughts. So, here is my exclamation, Of all my past mistakes and What I’ve become, to burn down to the ground. Oh will we ever see, The end of misery. A wicked world, brought to its knees. The end of dystrophy. For now I resonate, Within a solid state. It beckons me from a place so far away. It has been overcome, To see what has been done. Look at me now; upon a brand new day!  I, I want to die To die in darkness of night and light of the moon. I always searched and waited for you but my desire nothing means. All these years in search I waste my time All these empty tears... All the same I die I, I want to die To die in darkness of night and light of the moon. I always searched and waited for you but my desire nothing means. Inside... Inside my heart begins illusion of love and I lust of ressurection of my soul Destruction.... The destruction approaches to me and soon I will see My broken heart My empty hope Mine wasting time And I die Inside... Inside my heart a pain And millions voises will not whisper my fucking name Inside... Inside my heart begins illusion of love and I lust of ressurection of my soul Destruction.... The destruction approaches to me and soon I will see My broken heart My empty hope Mine wasting time And I die I stand at a cold old window. On empty streets pours a rain. The emptiness in my heart gives rise to a wild pain. But now is does not matter. Does not matter that I hope and I want love. Does not matter that my hopes doomed on destruction. I always look in my reflection in a mirror. It seems to me so lifeless... I on the way to suicide... Last time I stand at a cold old window. An empty street as if my heart.... Nobody can keep me alive. Too late for excuses. Throne of grief ... sadness of dawn Kingdom of darkness ... Oceans of forgotten hopes Lonely voices sing the sad songs. where is that kingdom? where is my home... This place, where the rivers flow from blood and tears This place, where the moon shines more brightly than sun This place, where dark night is longer than day This place so far away This place, where the black birds never sing This place, where the pleasure brings sufferings This place, where pours an eternal rain This place of an eternal pain Fields of black flowers ... Rich fog above the river Kingdom of darkness ... One believer Millions voices whisper my name Where this kingdom? Where is same? This place, where the silent shadows never die This place, where the lonely people never cry This place, where are not afraid to be alone This place always will be unknown This place, where the spirits dance This place, where the phantoms make the perfect graceful ritual Dedication in a kingdom where at last believers find long-awaited freedom Throne of grief ... sadness of dawn Kingdom of darkness ... Oceans of forgotten hopes Lonely voices sing the sad songs. where is that kingdom? where is my home... Fields of black flowers ... Rich fog above the river Kingdom of darkness ... One believer Millions voices whisper my name Where this kingdom? Where is same? What do you feel When I have said, that I dying What do you say When my heart dies and cries What you will think When I'll say that I love you... You will forget about me... Yes, I am sure. I am sure in your indifference. I know that you will think When I'll say that I love you What do you feel When I have said, that I dying. What do you say When my heart dies and cries You will forget about me... And it's only rain... ... Last rain in my life And it's only tears... ... Spilling from the sky... Please, tell me, why I so lifeless! Please, tell me, why I so dead! And I still remember... The memory keeps my pain... And I still here, But I want run away. Please, tell me, why I so lifeless! Please, tell me, why I so dead! ... To wake up and To be alone... ... To fall asleep and To be in my world... ... To wake up and To be alive... ... To fall asleep and Never to wake up in fucking life! Please, tell me, why I so lifeless! Please, tell me, why I so dead! Last night a little dancer came dancin' to my door Last night my little angel came pumpin' on the floor She said, "Come, baby, I got a license for love And if it expires, pray help from above" Because in the midnight hour, she cried more, more, more With a rebel yell, she cried more, more, more In the midnight hour, babe, more, more, more With a rebel yell, more, more, more More, more, more She don't like slavery, she won't sit and beg But when I'm tired and lonely, she sees me to bed What set you free and brought you to me, babe What set you free, I need you here by me He lives in his own heaven Collects it to go from the 7-11 Well, he's out all night to collect a fare Just so long, just so long it don't mess up his hair I walked the walls for you babe A thousand miles for you I dried your tears of pain 666 times for you I'd sell my soul for you, babe For money to burn for you I'd give you all and have none, babe Just-a just-a just-a just-a to have you here by me Tell me, what are you think What are you see What are you feel to me It's not too late... One step to hate It's one step to hate I wanna something say It's one step to hate Tell me, what are you do What are you feel What are want for me It's not too late... One step to hate It's one step to hate I wanna something say It's one step to hate It's one step to hate I wanna something say It's one step to hate Tell me, why you ready to die Tell me, why you ready to feel my pain Why you ready run out from this world Now it's too late... One step to hate It's one step to hate I wanna something say It's one step to hate ... so deep and dark, Shine in night... Your vampire eyes... ... so bright like fire Never cry... Your vampire eyes... They inspire fear But so fascinate... They shout about the pain And want to die ... so deep and dark, Shine in night... Your vampire eyes... ... so bright like fire Never cry... Your vampire eyes... They cold like ice But burn like a flame They force to fly But bring to me a pain ... so deep and dark, Shine in night... Your vampire eyes... ... so bright like fire Never cry... Your vampire eyes... Hungry and passionate Malicious and perfect Angry and beautiful Sweet and horrifying Lonely and hot as the sun Sexual and erotic Painful and womanly Divine and devil Paradise and infernal Doomed but never crying Lovely and wishing to die Immortal and weak Are afraid of day time light Dreaming to fly so high ... so deep and dark, Shine in night... Your vampire eyes... ... so bright like fire Never cry... Your vampire eyes... In dark autumn night I paralysed in my mind... Eternal spilling rain... Cold autumn days Cold waves of autumn grief Flow from the lonely sea The wind brings a smell of death And spirit of loneliness ...Dark autumn night... ...Rainy autumn sky... ...It is high time to cry... ...It is high time to die...  And again... And again... ... We were lost in shadows of night And often we cry... All this time we went to death And now we came to this The ending is so close But we were lost in shadows... We were lost in shadows of night And how much we not fight We'll die alone in our world And it wholly our fault The fear of loneliness makes death more painfully The ending is so close But we were lost in shadows... We were lost in shadows of night And how much we not fight We'll die alone in our world And it wholly our fault We were lost in shadows of night And how much we not fight We'll die alone in our world And it wholly our fault One my life as if one day. One night and one hundred ways to death... One lie and one reason for escape from this cruelty world... Nobody can not will stop me Nobody will not miss me Nobody will not come to my tomb The loneliness is a reflection of my dirty wounded soul One day in this life of silence... As if heavens fall Nobody can not will stop me Nobody will not miss me Nobody will not come to my tomb There was a time when I could see Dancing in the midnight sun When I could breathe by virgin air of my life But now my soul is dead Now all another in my head Wounded heart Wounded life But I still hope to see sometime... ...Dancing in the midnight sun I wait for you there... It is so unfair... Dancing in the midnight sun I wait for you there... It is so unfair To me This unnecessary life... This unnecessary sun... This unnecessary rain... This silence in my heart... I am hopeless and doomed On senseless existence... When The Shadows Die To leave senseless life... 666 ways to suicide... 666 reasons for die I shall leave forever And I will die forever When The Shadows Die Your cruelty does not know borders... Your heart burns by the cold... Yours angelic face draws others... Let me tell you, please, don't let me go away... Don't let me go away Don't let me go away Don't let me go away Don't let me go away It's not too late cause my last way it my grave You were last string, which held me in this world... You have refused my free heart... Now I have remained alone with my pain Let me tell you, please, don't let me go away... Don't let me go away Don't let me go away It's not too late cause my last way it my grave Don't let me go away Don't let me go away It's not too late cause my last way it my grave I, I want to die To die in darkness of night and light of the moon. I always searched and waited for you but my desire nothing means. All these years in search I waste my time All these empty tears... All the same I die I, I want to die To die in darkness of night and light of the moon. I always searched and waited for you but my desire nothing means. What do you feel When I have said, that I dying What do you say When my heart dies and cries What you will think When I'll say that I love you... You will forget about me... Yes, I am sure. I am sure in your indifference. I know that you will think When I'll say that I love you What do you feel When I have said, that I dying. What do you say When my heart dies and cries You will forget about me... In dark autumn night I paralysed in my mind... Eternal spilling rain... Cold autumn days Cold waves of autumn grief Flow from the lonely sea The wind brings a smell of death And spirit of loneliness ...Dark autumn night... ...Rainy autumn sky... ...It is high time to cry... ...It is high time to die... I, I want to die To die in darkness of night and light of the moon. I always searched and waited for you but my desire nothing means. All these years in search I waste my time All these empty tears... All the same I die I, I want to die To die in darkness of night and light of the moon. I always searched and waited for you but my desire nothing means.  My dear God, I prayed to you. My dear God, I believed your words. My dear God, I trusted you myself. My dear God, You deceived me all life. My dear God, Your lie became a damnation, My dear God, Now I hate you. I wait for my death... I am hidden from myself... So coldly to live in emptiness... Death already close to me... ... So it is close to me... I do not have present I do not have future There is only a past Which has died I am lost in this life I live in sorrow Only one way is open It's my suicide I do not have present I do not have future There is only a past Which has died So it is much lost In my senseless life There is only Я умираю, когда все начинают жить. Любви я не знаю, когда Все знают, как любить. И я не взлетаю, когда все парят под небом, Я света не знаю, и никогда там не был. Когда все стоят под солнцем, я стою в тени. Когда все считают секунды, я считаю дни. Когда все смеются, я горько плачу. Когда все берегут, я все только трачу. Вы не видите мои глаза, они прикрыты тенью. Вы считаете это творением, а я считаю просто ленью. Вы ждете моей улыбки, а получаете оскал. Вы ждете от меня чуда, а я просто устал. Вы видите мою радость, но знайте, это грусть. Вы ждете от меня смелости, но думайте, я трус. Вы жжете свою жизнь на солнце, бросаетесь в дни. Я буду жить один, я прожгу все так же, но в тени. Soaring in heavens, dark as night... Flying in dreams, as if an angel... Raped by own life, Falling in a chasm of hopes. ... Last shout of a dying swan... Crying in emptiness and despair... Spilling dark tears of the wounded soul... Betraid by own life Falling in a chasm of hopes. ... Last shout of a dying swan... Disappointed in this life.. Dreaming to find rest... With a cold sight and dead heart.. Looking own death... Not knowing rest Not felt caress, Sleepless nights looking the death.. With a cold sight Dreaming to find rest... Looking own death... Soaring in heavens, dark as night... Flying in dreams, as if an angel... Raped by own life, Falling in a chasm of hopes. ... Last shout of a dying swan... Crying in emptiness and despair... Spilling dark tears of the wounded soul... Betraid by own life Falling in a chasm of hopes. ... Last shout of a dying swan... Died in loneliness Not knowing rest Not felt caress, in an empty life. Flied in dreams Fallen in a chasm of hopes. ... Last shout of a dying swan...  Words like violence Break the silence Come crashing in Into my little world Painful to me Pierce right through me Can't you understand Oh my little girl All I ever wanted All I ever needed Is here in my arms Words are very unnecessary They can only do harm Vows are spoken To be broken Feelings are intense Words are trivial Pleasures remain So does the pain Words are meaningless And forgettable All I ever wanted All I ever needed Is here in my arms Words are very unnecessary They can only do harm Enjoy the silence "Tonight your soul sleeps, but one day you will feel real pain, maybe then you will see mee as I am, A fragile wreck on a storm of emotion" Countless times I trusted you, I let you back in, Knowing... Yearning... you know I should have run... but I stayed Maybe I always knew, My fragile dreams would be broken for you. Today I introduced myself, To my own feelings, In silent agony, after all these years, They spoke to me... after all these years Maybe I always knew... To hear silence... To feel violence.. once again To see tenderness... To be in loneliness... forever... i'm killing myself again and again I die I cry I cry I die again and again I cry I die not feeling a pain I cry He lived in home ....Nobody has come to him He lived alone ....Alone in his dreams and his fears The life was empty and silent Lonely as if the moon He silently cried looking on the dark sky And wanted to die The people were souless ....To him and to his life He lived in loneliness ....Nobody gave him by love His life was empty and silent Deprived of any hopes He silently cried looking on the dark sky And wanted to die He is buried alone In cold grave ....Nobody came He has found rest From a pain and loneliness... When you're one of the few to land on your feet what do you do to make ends meet? teach make 'em mad, make 'em sad, make 'em add two and two make 'em me, make 'em you, make 'em do what you want them to make 'em laugh, make 'em cry, make 'em lay down and die What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love? Oh I don't know why you're not fair I give you my love but you don't care So what is right and what is wrong gimme a sign What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Oh I don't know what can I do What else can I say it's up to you I know we're one just me and you I can't go on What is love Baby don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love? What is love? What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Don't hurt me Don't hurt me I want no other No other love This is your life our time When we are together I need you forever Is it love What is love Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Baby, don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more What is love?!... Мы обязательно встретися Слышишь меня? Прости Там куда я ухожу весна Я знаю ты сможешь меня найти Не оставайся одна Мы обязательно встретися Слышишь меня? Прости Там куда я ухожу весна Я знаю ты сможешь меня найти Не оставайся одна Мы обязательно встретися Слышишь меня? Прости Там куда я ухожу весна Я знаю ты сможешь меня найти Не оставайся одна Мы обязательно встретися Слышишь меня? Прости Там куда я ухожу весна Я знаю ты сможешь меня найти Не оставайся одна Мы обязательно встретися Слышишь меня? Прости Там куда я ухожу весна Я знаю ты сможешь меня найти Не оставайся одна  I have got used to all... To feelings that were at me, To emotions which were gone In a haze and oblivion In me emptiness And grief about the lost Waves of my heart... Life's ocean... In it all has drowned, That was my dear to heart... The childhood... Such kind... I've not forgotten it... Has not forgotten, as loved, was afraid As life enjoyed... And has not see, how it began to drown To disappear... Madness... I thought that I live... I saw light, a shade, hatred, love. I felt it Was live, and thought that really. Everything that was close to me - It already is not present. Life has disappeared, was gone. I've understood that I still had only death, My death, and I its carrier. The mistress of soul. Thoughts. I damn that hour that was my birth, That hour which has given birth to my death. In me there was a life, As if wood, trees of feelings... Emotions... It was dense, fresh, pure... The sun heated it, shined... Has burnt down... I have not forgotten it, I remember. I remember, how loved this wood, As breathed... Everything that was in this wood Slowly dies, does not breathe. All weight of grief has broken trees, Feelings, disappear... Listening to dying voices, I leave together with them, In emptiness, in darkness... In silence... I look at you from ... And I see oblivion, emptiness... What with you became? Where you now? I cannot leave you such... Where the real you? Where you now? You loved life which has betrayed you. It has made of you a shade. Shade you. You were full of feelings, Different, bright. They are not present. Where they now? All real, now only a dream, Nightmare, suffering. You siluet has disappeared, was gone... I know, where you now... Throne of grief ... sadness of dawn Kingdom of darkness ... Oceans of forgotten hopes Lonely voices sing the sad songs. where is that kingdom? where is my home... This place, where the rivers flow from blood and tears This place, where the moon shines more brightly than sun This place, where dark night is longer than day This place so far away This place, where the black birds never sing This place, where the pleasure brings sufferings This place, where pours an eternal rain This place of an eternal pain Fields of black flowers ... Rich fog above the river Kingdom of darkness ... One believer Millions voices whisper my name Where this kingdom? Where is same? This place, where the silent shadows never die This place, where the lonely people never cry This place, where are not afraid to be alone This place always will be unknown This place, where the spirits dance This place, where the phantoms make the perfect graceful ritual Dedication in a kingdom where at last believers find long-awaited freedom Throne of grief ... sadness of dawn Kingdom of darkness ... Oceans of forgotten hopes Lonely voices sing the sad songs. where is that kingdom? where is my home... Fields of black flowers ... Rich fog above the river Kingdom of darkness ... One believer Millions voices whisper my name Where this kingdom? Where is same? You were a child Crawling on your knees toward him Making momma so proud But your voice is too loud We like to watch you laughing Picking insects off of plants No time to think of consequences Control yourself Take only what you need from it A family of trees wanting to be haunted The water is warm But it's sending me shivers A baby is born Crying out for attention Memories fade Like looking through a fogged mirror Decisions too Decisions are made Decisions are made and not bought But I thought this wouldn't hurt a lot I guess not  Walk along the street Hundreds usual people Whom I can be? The feelings will prompt me I wanna be lonely I wanna be a secret I wanna be dead I falling in darkness I falling in a hell I falling in gothic My feelings is well People do not understand me I not from their world Their eyes from a glass But my heart from a cold My life is a grief The life is filled by fear I spill many tears And sufferings I falling in darkness I falling in a hell I falling in gothic My feelings is well I am so lonely in this world I can not live in loneliness What if I should die? I falling in darkness I falling in a hell I falling in gothic My feelings is well I falling in darkness I falling in a hell I falling in gothic My feelings is well  Escucha lo que dicen mis suenos no podrias alejarme mas de ti tu voz no ha temblado jamas nunca has pedido perdon siempre imponiendo tu voluntad, tu voluntad. Mas veras que la luz de repente aparecera y al volar te sentiras como un pajaro en libertad. No lo has dicho pero lo puedo ver en tus ojos ya no hay ese rencor comprendiste que habia que cambiar asi es todo mucho mejor la distancia todo lo curara, lo curara Acaosado sin piedad no puedo respirar tengo miedo del futuro soy un cobarde. Se que no tengo nada que hacer solamente tus animos mantienen viva mi esperanza. * Porque es todo tan dificil porque se vuelve todo negro porque nunca escribire algo sobre la felicidad no , se que debo hacer creo que enloquecere. A veces no es nada facil tener que vivir asi rodeado de odio desengaños, frustaciones. Sus constantes acosos mehacen sufrir ¿debo complacerlos? no debo hacerles caso. * Porqye es todo tan dificil... No, no se que debo hacer... Quizas algun dia le encuentres algun sentido quizas algun dia sea demasiado tarde ya. Ya no lo aguanto mas debo salir de aqui he de hacer otra vida debere buscar alguna solucion El infierno esta aqui pero no va a durar apagare sus llamas no tendran valor para decir que no * He escogido un camino me alejara de ti es el principio o es el fin. Quizas ahora recueres intentes dar marcha atras pero amigo ya es tarde ya me siento libre como un gran halcon El viento me arrastrara me llevara hasta a ella por fin sera mia se acabaran las ataduras. * He escogido un camino me alajera de ti es el principio o es el fin Un paso mas hacia la libertad hoy no hablare de ti. Intentas salvarme y llevarme a tu cielo dime que vas a hacer por mi no siento la fuerza que me lanzan tus dedos tu nunca vas a desistir. Son las palabras tu antifaz Cada vez son menos los que ven la salvacion y se separaran de ti ya no les basta el refugio de tu cruz no les salvara de morir Son las palabras tu antifaz Abre los ojos y mira a tu alrededor no vivas mas en el ayer sigue tu historia pero dejanos en paz prefiero estar en soledad Son las palabras tu antifaz * Siente frio en el infierno ahora vas a escuchar nuestra verdad se el esclavo de tu credo grita alto ya nada va a pasar Grita mas alto que todo el mundo pueda oirte rompe barreras ya nada puede asustarte Dime si tu tambien ves lo que yo en mi interior. Dime si lo que suena ya no es solo una ilusion. Hoy ya es muy tarde Pero vas a apurar el tiempo cena fria pero aun asi tu estas contento Son muchas horas sudando en esta habitacion, algun cabreo siempre por la frustacion Siempre que estes alli apoyando hasta el fin seguiremos asi esto no va a morir De nuevo lunes otra vez en la rutina ojos cansados siempre ha merecido la pena Dime si tu tambien ves lo que yo en mi interior Dime si lo que suena ya no es solo una ilusion. Siempre que estes alli apoyando hata el fin seguiremos asi esto no va a morir. No mires artas siguiendo tu estrella podras encontrar universos llenos de felicidad no mires atras podras encontrar universos llenos de felicidad y amor para ti, solo para ti. Puedes oirme otra vez eres libre, se que easi debes correr hacia orto lado No te quisiera ver nunca mas arrastrandote pisoteado por la vida. Marcando tu final Nuevo amanecer marcara esa llama de esperanza que todos encienden ya por ti Una nueva cancion oiras desde el cielo no seas naufrago en este mar Marcando tu final Oigo el rumor de la esperanza acobardado huyo rompiendo hechizos en la huida se clavan cuchillos en todo mi cuerpo Todo me acosa se cruzan en mi camino una direccion viaje con pasaporte al infierno Exorciza mi vida salvame del embrujo corro en circulos comiendo odio mi resginacion apunta al cielo Mente atormentada a un paso de la locura Esta abierta la puerta del descanso eterno se que estoy cerca mas lejano que la distancia Mente atormentada a un paso de la locura En el fuego arden mis suenos escondido entre las ombras estare Ahogo tus recuerdos en llantos sientes que es tu amigo el que ves No soy mensajero Ni del odio ni del amor No podre entender jamas la realidad y no me preocupa el mas alla es mejor perderse lentamente hacia el final por ti En la calle te encontre y me acerque y tu corazon sangraba Ya tu oscuridad es blanca has perdido en tu guerra sin luchar Es mejor perderse lentamente hacia el final sin ti * Voy corriendo junto al viento y ganare cruzare mil rios no descansare no soy algo sin sentido escuchame me desangro en esta vida sin querer. Muy cerca he estado he visto su cara reirse de mi He odiado a todo aquello que sea acercarse a mi Se que es duro de parar pero el momento ha de llegar En frente y a muerte es una lucha que no tiene fin De frente, al lado a donde miro el siempre esta alli Se que es duro de parar pero el momento ha de llegar * Vuelvo a sentir la fuerza en mis manos juro que no se marchara De nuevo vuelvo a sentir tan solo el destino saber cual sera el final Tu siempre estas en medio de mi vida intentando que caiga otra vez esperas eso cada dia mas no es tiempo de morir Oh aqui estoy La angustia te oprimira cuando me veas frente a ti te cortare el camino otra vez se que me temes Oh aqui estoy  Cuando se estrecha el camino y no hay final Como una magia que absorbe tu voluntad Sigue un rastro invisible hacia el temor Sientes el fuego ardiendo en tu corazón Otro episodio más sin terminar Encadenado a la realidad Más allá del odio o el amor Debe haber algún lugar Donde los sueños Puedan hacerse realidad Como un universo En un hechizo eterno En las cenizas de un alma perdida Buscas sin suerte un sitio donde huir Otro episodio más sin terminar Encadenado a la realidad Más allá del odio o el amor Debe haber algún lugar Donde los sueños Puedan hacerse realidad Como un universo En un hechizo eterno Un sentimiento flota en el aire Formado por acordes mágicos Notas d soledad, un silencio Dentro d un mismo compás Como deciros que es lo que siento Si ese sonido llega a mi corazón Se van mis sentimientos Hacia un mundo de ilusión OhOh Espero encontrarte allí OhOh! Me harás feliz Una vez más se tuerce mi vida No veo caminos por donde salir A punto ya de ahogarme En ella me refugiare Cuando te veo alzando los brazos Mi alma se fortalece otra vez Esperas que lo dé todo Y no te defraudaré OhOh! Espero encontrarte allí OhOh! Me harás feliz Tú eres la sangre Que corre por mis venas Sin ti yo no puedo vivir Eres mis pensamientos Los malos y los buenos Y es que formas parte d mí Cierra los ojos y dime que ves Oscuridad total rodeándote Te sientes solo, corriendo tras un sueño Necesitas fuerzas que destierren tu dolor Todo es en vano, si el fuego no intenta salir Hay cosas que jamás se perdieron en ti Ocultas tras un antifaz Siempre has sentido ganas d volver a tener Aquel poder vital, aquella voluntad Todo es en vano, si el fuego no intenta salir Siente que el miedo muere en tu interior Busca un motivo para armarte No hay esperanza sin valor Sólo un motivo busco para continuar Sobre ese rumbo hecho a base de lágrimas Cuantos recuerdos disipados en la eternidad Solo y rendido continuo con mi búsqueda Quisiera recobrar lo que un día fue mío Entre delirios intento callar mi soledad Como un alma que vaga atormentada Siento en mis sueños como si estuvieras aquí Sigo tus pasos veloces viniendo hacia mí Quisiera recobrar lo que un día fue mío Si es verdad que después de todo hay algo más Allí te encontraré, he de llegar Observar, como pasa lento un día más Sin cambiar, la triste realidad Magnánimas creaciones A costa de sangre y dolor Un reino esplendoroso Tendrás la vida eterna Nací con este sello No habrá lamentos si oración Un Crisol de aleluyas Y siempre adoración Para ti ¿Volverás? Las lágrimas del Nilo Invocan falsos ídolos No encuentro el eslabón perdido Que anida mi destino A ti te pertenecen El día y oscuridad Pero hay mentes que cambian Decadencia letal Lealtad eterna El bramido de la tormenta En el desierto señala el final Y un mar de laberintos Secretos guardarán Sueños de libertad Trata de recordar sólo todos los momentos En que creías que podías alcanzar Sólo con un deseo tus sueños Llegar a un mundo nuevo sin miedos Sólo una vez más, quiero sentir el control Sólo un segundo y ya será tarde Debes decir adiós a las lágrimas Tomar tu propio rumbo ahora es tu decisión Un paso hacia delante y todo terminó Los años que han pasado Perdidos en un sueño eterno Las cosas que he dejado aquí En este mundo de cristal Un día en la imaginación a veces es mejor Que la realidad que nos envuelve Escapar del miedo y el dolor es sólo una ilusión En un mundo real que nadie entiende Voy caminando bajo la lluvia Al sitio donde nací Donde todo comenzó Busqué mis sueños sin darme cuenta Que dormían en este lugar Llegó el momento, era la hora Mi sonrisa volverá Por estar d nuevo ahí Ya estoy muy cerca pero el cansancio Una vez más hace mella en mí Mañana lo lograré Hoy soñare con tus colores mágicos Y el arco iris guiara mis pasos El sol ilumina tu belleza MI corazón vuelve a latir Y el eco envuelve mi voz En las calles siento revivir Mi alma Nunca más me marchare Aquí he de morir Muchos recuerdos que había guardado Luchan ahora por salir A llenar mi vida Y cada día cruzare el puente Que me llevara a vivir Tiempos d felicidad Mírame atentamente yo no soy lo que crees ver mirame fijamente y sabras lo que es el dolor. No todo es un cuento de hadas no todo es una noche sin final no soy el bufon de todas las cortes no siempre sigo el no mirar atras. Sienteme mucho mas cerca notaras como es mi calor Sienteme mucho mas cerca y veras que cambia el color No todo iba a ser de rosa no todo es lo que parece ser no soy alguien sin sentimientos no siempre te dire lo que quieres oir Floto en el ambiente como la fragancia de una flor leve brisa balanceandose sobre el placer de sentirse libre como el viento al alba Siempre he sentido la presion de tener que vivir bajo unas normas que no estaban hechas para mi Si es un castigo por favor decirme si es asi y el motivo por el que he tenido que fingir Descubrir que hay tras el antifaz querer un poco mas Solo eso me hara continuar Abro los ojos y trato de reconstruir todos los sueños que habeis alejado de mi No me arrepiento de los caminos que elegi Sigo viviendo sin un ejemplo a seguir Si por ser distinto a los demas me vais a condenar dime el precio que he de pagar No hay un final El mundo no es suficiente todo es igual ser culpable o inocente No encontraran lo que guardo en mis recuerdos No cambiaran mi manera de pensar Un alma donde esconder todos tus deseos odio,amor,miedo o valor ahora todo es igual en un corazon vacio En tus ojos el temor a un conflicto ardiente muerte, terror y destruccion envuelven el final en una espiral de llantos Encontrar la esencia de algo real en un mundo futuro diferente Solo en tus recuerdos puedes guardar un segundo de vida para siempre Prisionero eterno en un desierto sin final viaje sin retorno a la soledad total Toda la luz es ahora oscuridad la vida escapa a tu alcanze una vez mas Encontrar la esencia de algo real en un mundo futuro diferente Solo en tus recuerdos puedes guardar un segundo de vida para siempre Solo ahora puedes ver, como tus sueños se desvanecen entre sombras y dolor, muere todo lo que conociste No es la manera en que me atas ni en lo que finges sentir Como trataste a mis amigos como estuviste hasta el final Tus puntos de vista o en las cosas que dices que haras Esperar, a que el amor busque un lugar No son las cosas que dijiste que tu sitio estaba junto a mi Como dijiste que eras mia como tu amor me dio la libertad Tus puntos de vista o en las cosas que dices que haras Esperar, a que el amor busque un lugar  Try to see, if there is fear... Try to believe, if there is God... You are mine, forever In the cold winds of nowhere Our hopes are running away one more time... Alive with me in my dreams With a voice of one who weeps They cry inside the silence and silence... Its more then a distance between us... Can you feel now? Can you believe now? Hear me, How can you still be unconscious.. Cant you see the pain(the pain) on you..? Try to remember (remember), the cold wounds that deserted on me... Its again that freezing lies surrounds me here and they fall from the cloudless skies, bleeding on faces all these eyes are witness of this sin no, no... and they swallow my last strength, and desire to live, it turns into disappearing, Every passed season makes them colder, but too so deep and more hurtful than were... This time I´m falling down... Senseless shadows, I can´t find you alive... This time, your soul Couldn't touch my sin And everything inside my mind, flowing behind... I have that sense, every time (of loneliness)… Reflection of the pain in my eyes like little child. The empty souls, of empty skies. Hell in heaven, the bloody inside... Everything belongs to something or to each other; I`m sick of empty hopes and drifting from one to another side, Shaking tears of shaking souls, how far the rain can fall, when I'm bleeding (how much the wind can take from me) getting closer to the edge but going faraway from you Ash to ashes and dust to dusts, White to black and days to night... Am I just the lonely one, on this side? Blowing mountains took my serenity and whispered me above... The mist of desperation Dripping down my skin... The final word is said and done, The story ends where it began. You have to face the emptiness, There is no way to talk it out. Senseless bodies lying under barren soils the roaming is aimless. The doors are closed and locked, The air is full with blood, You have to face the loneliness, There is no way to hide out. Empty souls lying under vapid graves screams are meaningless. I´m not saying goodbye Even if they burn me. I´m not saying goodbye Even if they whelm me. I´m not from them You can not help me... They will never make me fall.  This time I´m falling down... Senseless shadows, I can´t find you alive... This time, your soul Couldn't touch my sin And everything inside my mind, flowing behind... I have that sense, every time (of loneliness)… Reflection of the pain in my eyes like little child. The empty souls, of empty skies. Hell in heaven, the bloody inside... Everything belongs to something or to each other; I`m sick of empty hopes and drifting from one to another side, Shaking tears of shaking souls, how far the rain can fall, when I'm bleeding (how much the wind can take from me) getting closer to the edge but going faraway from you Ash to ashes and dust to dusts, White to black and days to night... Am I just the lonely one, on this side? Life is the empty wave of distress.. Welcome to my kingdom. you are the hopeless soul, you are the helpless soul... Now hopes are lost; which we dreamed about. They are sacrificed for us, waiting in the coffin. Night crowns my fears While waiting for the sunshine... (My) lying body is crawling in pain, breathing the last moment and decay. Day after day fall on my skin, Stay on my side, deep inside... Ouu my nymph, close my eyes, Touch on wings under sweet lies. Can you hear the begging of sorrows? They come for the spirits of loss. Trying to be one of billion, Stay altought (regardless) of these destroying storms, To listen to the raven like the swansong. at days I am lost in the sunshine, at nights I find myself in the endless cries... How can I hover with you like winds ? How can I leave behind us, all sins ? where can I revive my withered hopes? Trying to be one of billion, Stay alive in destroying storms, To listen to the raven like the swansong, To look at the dark like it has been sun, and to feel like you were with me... Every little hope inside, surrounded by dust, no one can see... A secret garden in the funeral, and the soil calls (for our) dead love roots of the crying flowers Dried leaves of the trees, poured over the grief, souls of the hidden truth uprise and scream, In silence no one can hear... A sapling appears on the ground Shining dark and lonely Embraces my rotten hopes they are still black, forgotten, lost and hopeless... Blowing mountains took my serenity and whispered me above... The mist of desperation Dripping down my skin... The final word is said and done, The story ends where it began. You have to face the emptiness, There is no way to talk it out. Senseless bodies lying under barren soils the roaming is aimless. The doors are closed and locked, The air is full with blood, You have to face the loneliness, There is no way to hide out. Empty souls lying under vapid graves screams are meaningless. I´m not saying goodbye Even if they burn me. I´m not saying goodbye Even if they whelm me. I´m not from them You can not help me... They will never make me fall. Yaşam ve ölüm, hepsi bir benim, içimdeki duygularım ölür. Var olmuşluğun yok oluşu bu Elveda sana, son mutluluk! Ou Tanrım, ne yaptım? Uçmah, sahteymiş. Neden ruhumu çaldın? Bu hayat lanet, Bu acı gerçek, Kanlı gökyüzü, karanlık ve bu acı, Bu benim eserim mi? He? Söyle! Yoksa masumiyetimin bedeli mi? En kötü kâbuslarda göremeyeceğin yalnızlık, o bende işte. Ruhum çok yaşlandı, duygularım nasırlaştı, Belki de artık zamanı geldi, ne dersin Tanrım? Sabahın efendisi sen değilsin, Gözlerin gölgesinde artık bir hiçsin... Uyut beni hislerinle, Öldür içimdekini yine... Black and white, are the same, it is mine, they die in my eyes, the fall of skies, begins now, Farewell goodbye, my worthy light.. Life and death, are the same, It’s mine, all my feelings die inside disappearing of existence, it’s here, Farewell goodbye, my worthy sun. Yaşam ve ölüm, hepsi bir benim, içimdeki duygularım ölür. Var oluşmuşluğun yok oluşu bu Elveda sana, son mutluluk! Elveda sana, son mutluluk! Elveda sana, son umut! Loneliness and painful screams..... on empty streets, There is.... only wind. Wind plays the game... with snow and cold,... And they have taken all their remembrance together. All that people whom you looked in the eyes, have been just shadows, Dark shadows that are hidden in their shining shells. Whom you thought were your friends, And they have taken all my remembrance, pale face.. And they have taken all my remembrance And they have taken all my dreams there is only wind, wind plays the game there is only wind which plays the game with leaves. time is dying, memories come closer in deepless crying. They left just flesh, they feed grievous sorrows, And they grow in gloom with their greeds in pleasure.. I hope that all these waves of distress will break my loneliness. Just for a moment, I will take my deepest breath.... And they’ll grow in gloom with their greeds in pleasure.. They feed with our grievous griefs Dark shadows that are hidden in their shining shells Whom you thought were your friends, there is only wind. Wind plays the game with snow and cold "I`m sick of empty hopes and drifting from one to another side, Like leaf that is winnowed by autumn wind Can you hear me? With every passed day, I fear more (and more) about my fate, Sometimes I think; what if I am forgotten by you am I just a lonely one on this side?"  Tortured with hate To exorcise the demons Purging all the hostiles Outlasting the suffering Alone, my stand Fighting the maggots Surrounded by fools Who blindly wander as sheep I live through the illusion The beast has been revealed with all of those damn... Sick plans The truth has been revealed and your face is now exposed to the world Ill intentions that deceive Your self-conceit... Your pride... will... be your... ruin... Hiding behind your masks Only covering up for a true weakness Tortured with hate I fight the madness All souls lost in a storm Convulsions of agony There is a price to pay Taken away to the void The Law... As I witness the facts Can't believe what I see Blinded by sight, deaf by words There's only deception in me, frustrated While losing all control You’re drifting desperately Maybe a selfish reaction Only fueling your pride Wasting yourself away All you find is demise Ripping everything i believed in Finally revealing your true face I am holding nothing but contempt and all i see is more of the same Using people with no remorse, false… Manipulate and lie Dwelling in chaos, you’re foul Turning your back on others Another pawn, another piece Uncontrolled impulses drive you You’re just a part of the game Just another illusion I am holding nothing but contempt and all I see is you denying the past Caught in yet another trap, self ambushed Incarcerated in a hole, your pain is feckless Tied down to a cycle of grief and torment The enemy dwells in your shadow, merciless Becoming nothing but a desert of agony Your heart looks like a depiction of hell Sometimes it feels like it's impossible to be What cannot be changed dries the well Sacrifice of existence Surrender is not an option during warfare Only the sovereign triumph, join the thrills There is no place for hesitation in bloodshed It’s your choice… Live or die, win or lose No one can help you but yourself Never thought I'd pass through this Now it has become a war Alone in my confrontation Everything is at stake Destiny is being written The line has been crossed There are no more limits A war for life is fought War is at full fury No fear, clear mind Rise up and fight A warrior is reborn Battling against myself Evolving and learning My will has become my strength For this, I've been meant to This inner war, I can't escape I’m at the point of no return There’s only one more thing to do Arise and make my own stand Rise up and overcome A warrior is reborn Rise up and conquer A warrior is reborn Masked perception Distorts the face of truth Subtly corrupting my eyes Awkwardly blurring reality The lights which dare to shine upon me Are mere glimpses of lies It's twisted to live through fish-eye lenses What I behold never is what's real Is our reality really what do we perceive? A nightmarish depiction of life Mislead by torn spoken words Blinded by a childish damned hope Unable to cut through the mist Longing to discover a passageway Inadvertently building up expectations Enslaved by naive behaviors Lacking the knowledge of how I imprisoned myself Incarcerated in a frustrated state of mind Lost in a desert of desolation Cheated by manipulated visions Engulfed in darkness, straying away from the path Confused by venomous voices The truth is in fact within myself So still I crawl in black mud Drifting away unaware of the facts Surviving the midnight sun Sliced by the blade of belief Throughout the density I pierce I yearn for wisdom in my illusions Illusions of a mirage To comprehend existence Take a glimpse into the other side And unravel the mysteries of life As the misdeeds consume the soul Uneasy your life still goes on Listen and see the atrocities Committed in the name of self Insects crawling devouring the flesh from Dead bodies forgotten, wasted The decay, a pile of corpses Spreading sickness Listen and see the atrocities Committed before your very eyes As mankind kills itself Abhorrent The atrocities The armies of unbalance Rise to spread chaos Upon this very world Apocalypse has begun Sweeping across the world Dominating all the blind The day has come... I can feel it here The madness is around me again It calls me by my name, it makes me fear Insanity comes back again Its speech is full of rage Suppressing all reactions Invades me, dominates me Tries to take over my actions The face I now see in the mirror I tremble before its gaze It keeps repeating the same words and I hear them again and again... The day has come... I can see it in my eyes Pulsating inside my brain It drives me insane, I can’t control I think I'm losing my mind I must fight back, I can't retreat Can’t let it have me I have to take control But I hear them again and again... Completely frantic and chaotic Plunged in arrhythmia and despair Inside this bottomless pit Still I remain stuck, no air I’ve been dominated, I've been weak A mere puppet of my own demons Drain my energy and possess my mind They want both body and soul... Abreaction, purgation Breaking all delusions I'm coming back to life Surviving all around Trapped within confusion I refuse to stay beneath I crawl out of the chaos Resisting all foes and defeat It's time to wake up and realize What my eyes never saw before me How to leave this misty limbo And reach out for my way Abreaction, purgation Reinventing myself I am being reborn Fighting against the storm... I walked away from life Lost man drifting around Like an ephemeral nomad Disconnected from faith Abandoned by myself Embracing delusions Distorted perception Twisted senseless belief All around I see envy All around I hear lies All around I feel pain All around, only disbelief... This sickness infecting me Crawling as if I'm no more But still wandering around Still confused, I now realize And search for answers to those unasked questions Black sun and dry sea I, corroded man Banished from the world Returning from the dead  Fervour, invisible touch of soul, mind controls the strength Emerged! Human! You are not a servant! Caress of existence, quiets The sort of Change! The spirit journey Etereo, emptiness, unformed reality Nobody knows the absolute truth of all that it lives and evolves hope to entrap you in a dream sphere, into the plain visions Heaven and hell, inventions! Human irrational shelter Individual pain, no control for it, one’s way in life Useless art, to deny itself with the invisible human deceit External side, remains, and the terrene, the essence in life transpires Sorrow and lunacy into human mind’s edge Crossing your mind, concerning, waits for a life of dignity Follow a way, to find the equilibrium and existence Guiding your mind, don’t confuse the lie with pain and despair Etereo! Ardour, internal enchanted mind, timorous of that is not Suffered life, hate against, misanthropic screen To be or not! The unbe! Now the answer is completed Searched before and found then, authentic mean to be Nobody knows the absolute truth of that it lives and dies Hope to reach an unlimited strength, scenes of a lived life Heaven an hell, inventions! Human irrational shelter Individual fear of inhuman acts futile struggle through chaos and well Beyond the uneven mind’s signs part of you Spirit assumes the features of the human strain Pain is nectar flows between the hurt of soul Fear pervades the corner of despair, filling empty thoughts Confused research of imaginary traps, unconscious known Mind fails! Mind switches! Dying in itself It escapes from you, it escapes from fate, unaware pain Feed your soul feed your self, looking you around Can to see where the limits die, can to see the human ways invented by the soul With the eyes of mind you can look far, close your eyes to feel the spirit inside, it’s the call of soul Past wedges between the hands, far beyond the reality, misleading human scopes Dim lights of dispersion, collapse forming the end of to be You cannot see with your mind the obscure path of the lie Untruth is sweet and your brain receive it it’s the impulse of unknown Philosophy of involution Mind violation contains all forms of uncertainty and trust, you don’t believe to your pain Virtual/ confliction, harm of life, the ways of disgust Don’t known the meaning of all that you know The involution philosophy Ethic, refuges I’ll never conceive Abstract forms of complexity Combined greed to domain the obverse complete Illicit fears for human sacrileges Fragments of the human decay take their superiority Eluding the equity of any balance, base of the existence Life assumes the meaning of inhuman tragedy Imperfect ways of the pain, of human futility Where’s your scope? Where’s your soul? Mind fails! Mind switches! Dying in itself Escape from you, escape from the fate, unaware pain Don’t cease to exist, form your reflex, looking you inside Can to see where the limits die, can to hear the last atrocious silence of a dying call With the eyes of the conscience, fading far, close your eyes to feel the spirit inside, you’re breathing free Past wedges between the hands A human voice is dying, a useless body with no soul Poem of falsity Tells as the truth is denied by the mind Between ash of hatred Children of reality play with the lies Falls the flag of delusion Sign of a symbol of mankind unrise While the dignity dies Politics dance behind the table of disguise Guiding the soul through the journey of misery Vain are the voices, ethereal promises Silent belief, eyes of the destiny, tell me your pain, man with no land Fading away the meaning of life Abandoned paths uncultivated fields of the verity The existence is defiled with the hypocrisy Need to exist, a solitary dawn consumes so far away Staring eyes within the horizon Every time I feel to search my way Illusion is dark way can be so long Painting hopes with a whisper forever more Every time I feel the cold through my fate In my eyes a spirit mirror to reflect my await Illusion a dark way can be so long Covered hopes with the whispers forever more Poetry of decay Tells as humanity cries for the dying Children of despair Take the remains of reality, in lie Miserable is the value of identity Strong is the sense of authentic/exist respect of a man in peace respect of a man belongs his land forging the soul through the journey of misery vain are the hopes, eternal vengeance silent belief, eyes of the destiny, tell me your pain man with no land Failing God of the subtle existence Failing God on the falling throne Obverse decay to a forged reality Human eyes watch the dawn of regression Human eyes human breath of pain Engraved the dreams screened by hypocrisy Walkin' on a thousand of forms, Human trap in a circle of life The last salvation to born again In truth the dethroned God raises the chalice of mistakes Betrayal in the undefined symbol of misanthropic existence Delusory intentions to perforate nucleus of conflicts Annihilating all that could be a sign of dignity Poems of the dying presence deny the laws of morality Failing God Existence Failing God Existence Innocence, eyes of the resignation Upon the throne of the ethereal pride Ignorance of the inhuman sub existence Suffering, bleeds the altar of the rights Nothing more into graves of seclusion You can not see the burial of the lies Impoverishment of the god existence Ethnic trial, extermination sign Voice inside, that declares.. Voice of mind is screaming through your deceives Don’t relieve the pain with tears of despair You can see but you close your eyes You cannot see so you want open your eyes Not remain, in your dialogues of solitude Human envy twists the mind Human mind is twisted, concrete delight Sublimizing any apparent identity Refuting to appear yourself You search an answer and bite your hands disappear behind your individual failures Accusing you to be the cause, don’t inflict faults to your exteriority You’ll find residues of existence, undervaluing your personality Escaping from your shade, you’ll don’t meet changing reality Abusing of your silence, you cannot see the deformities Around your fears Feel the pain, in the (the) corner of the answers! As fear that silent waits As anguish in you takes you by hands Show you unable in front your possibility to react Human hate twists the thoughts Human thoughts are twisting, convulsed morse Don’t search the way with farce of the rancour You can be deviating your life You cannot be yourself, simulating all the time Excluding, from your potential spiritual rivalry So you scream against you All around of you turn with no change Look in your hands and feel your vitality Turn the keys of mind, closing in the voice too With the eyes of fears, you scan through the edge of identity Wrapped of lying words cannot perceives the evil That you see so far is trapped in your mind of inferiority Spiritual posture to ignore the spirit Sculptor of the thoughts imposes its relief of malevolence Unable mind of hesitations, impede to look beyond any limitation Inside the soul, mind hears it self and then, compressing to reality defeats the fears Voice of the insane who silent breaks the inconsistent wall of normality, become voracious Uncertain to see the end, you shut your mind Overturning the summit of choices, don’t compromise your reasons Asymmetry of angular thoughts, fear and pride Understanding the meaning of life, you know your destiny Don’t close your eyes don’t be afraid of that you feel and your fears cannot injures you Mind surrounds, the cavities of fear Turn the keys of mind, closing in the silence too Fears are in you contained, but you know all you certainties Mirror of the soul, reflects that cannot see That you feel so far is now here but your mind is shut again Sculptor of the thoughts impose its relief Breathe your spirit, lead your mind of sanity Unable mind to support the unconscious, finds refuge into commiseration Inside the soul, fear rejects it self, it breaks the harm of reality cannot assails your thoughts Mind with no defence, who silent breaks the inconsistent wall of normality become voracious  I remember that cursed day When our bodies were sunk into hell extreme sentence to die Conceived behind religious lies It was the hand of hatred to destroy me Watching the light of the end Organized gestures of death messiah …for this way! Suffocate them with their own arid blood Vindication of their god’s side Their violence ceases beyond the holy ways A sacred earth they will never have Orgies of blood, behind the vain God increasing mass deceases human remains on the land of despair cover the spits of humanity existing state of spirit decay dissolves with next abuse their empty souls consume carnal rites upon the cross amassing corpses for war Souls inhales stench of hate Carbonized flesh, adornment of the cries Losers in their spirit as sign of false creed Under an endemic flux of lunacy Condemned minds compel for suicide re-act Hypocrite alliance to obtain the last unholy salvation Spreading the death in the name of god, the endless pain Perishing in the pit of existence Another genocide, new executions, graves of blood (blood and graves) I feel inside my mind those atrocious screams Consecration of peace and the unholy wars A tomorrow is denied to the principles of hostility Flag of dismay is bleeding again and their voice disappear Behind the podium of dissection Failing God of the subtle existence Failing God on the falling throne Obverse decay to a forged reality Human eyes watch the dawn of regression Human eyes human breath of pain Engraved the dreams screened by hypocrisy Walkin' on a thousand of forms, Human trap in a circle of life The last salvation to born again In truth the dethroned God raises the chalice of mistakes Betrayal in the undefined symbol of misanthropic existence Delusory intentions to perforate nucleus of conflicts Annihilating all that could be a sign of dignity Poems of the dying presence deny the laws of morality Failing God Existence Failing God Existence Innocence, eyes of the resignation Upon the throne of the ethereal pride Ignorance of the inhuman sub existence Suffering, bleeds the altar of the rights Nothing more into graves of seclusion You can not see the burial of the lies Impoverishment of the god existence Ethnic trial, extermination sign Sacred shine, apostles of creed, human seals across the godless reign Betrayal crown, burns in the blood, context of peace, theme of useless sense Archaic laws for a nuclear god, religious faiths, hatred is the sign The master’s war, eyes of scorn, corrupted soul rots into the senselessness Man! Inert, you see the truth through the webs of ideology Verses of pain, obscurity of light, we wait for the last opportunity Voices of the time, the beginning of a new way, touch of the sacral mentality what mind cannot see, tangled in the blood, strained in the failed creation searching the way of persuasion and belief, under the rite, the edge of disgrace the breeding lust, emptiness mind, ancient creeds disclose the regression Mourning light, mourning sites, failing runes of the godless reigns betrayal crown, the treason walls, context of peace, theme of useless sense nuclear war with rocks and swords, paradox of sub-reality the master’s war, creation of chaos, institutional souls live in the ignorance Make your last choice/ crying of despair See through the hate/ terms of existence Sacrament of blood/ violence in my eyes You are the only god/ failed creation Sentence of war, sentence of war Signs of decay, total recall Crossing the gates of the world disappears The hands of war through my eyes Sentence of war sentence of war Signs of decay, total recall Thousands of people, the eyes of fear The desecration of light Sentence of war sentence of war Praise of decay, deadly recall Raised to hatred, violence and fear Victims of their war crimes Sentence of war sentence of war Screams of decay, total recall Thousands of people, hear the words of fear Soldiers kill in the night Riding in darkness through the hell of the night Give all your torment to the heaven's might In the name of Satan spread all your fear You feel his anger you know he's near Casting a spell Lord of all hells Ripping the angels God has fell Tormentor Baphomet's calling death is now real Helldogs and demons waiting to kill Pentagrams shining Lucifer smiles Fucking the virgin rip out her eyes Drinking the blood Fear no god Now you are dead Your flesh is dot rot Tormentor  Alice, isn't it frightening? Alice, aren't you scared? Alice, isn't it wonderful? Living life afraid Don't look around the corner I might be lurking there Under the bed at night You're up till dawn again Alison hell, your mind begins to fold Alison hell, aren't you growing cold? Alison hell, you are looking blue Alice in hell, what else can you do? Alice I begin my rule, life hideous in your mind Crying out, you've lost your doll It isn't worth a dime Alison hell, your mind begins to fold Alison hell, aren't you growing cold? Alison hell, what are you looking for? Alice in hell, soon I close the door Sitting in the corner, you are naked and alone No one listened to your fears, you've created me Alice, isn't it frightening? Alice, aren't you scared? I was killed at birth I shoot this final scene You're in the basement You're trapped insanity Alison hell, what were you looking for? Alison hell, as I close the door Alison hell, here you shall dwell Alison hell, Alice dwells in hell Alice Alice Alison Alice In hell Goodbye Catch a shooting star, burn it to a crisp Born into death, will you take the risk See buckets and buckets, yeah buckets of sin You'll never end and can never begin Welcome to your death Welcome to your death Welcome to your death No forest of pleasure or fields of pain High-rise at night see the pavement of stain A beckoning hand from those who were slain Now you can sleep again Welcome to your death Welcome to your death Welcome to your death I take the night and I stretch it wide And I see all, you hide, I died So slip right in, sip the wine The caution flashes but the water's fine Welcome to your death Welcome to your death Welcome to your death All throughout the centuries, existing year to year Lives on this powerful entity to thrive on pain and fear A derelict of heavenly gods, a feeling from within Weakened minds are perfect prey, corrosion will begin Some won't fight, the battle is forsaken Show no might, the dark side has awakened Even in the holiest the curious can be found Their wonderment is dangerous as virtue is but bound Moral codes, broken What's the sin that lurks within, the burning emotion of hatred Some won't fight, the battle is forsaken Show no might, the dark side has awakened Wicked mystic Hatred lurks in all of us, no one is exempt It's proof of evil in our souls, is this the tempter's intent A derelict of heavenly gods, a feeling from within Weak minds are perfect prey for corrosion to begin Some won't fight, the battle is forsaken Show no might, the dark side has awakened Wicked mystic Wicked mystic, mystic Excess perversion, and we'll never let it end You and I are making a private legend We've got the hunger, got the thirst You want it slow, our bodies glow, nails rake my back Tongue licks sweet parade Animal lust and it burns like a buzzsaw blade Dripping wet, we laugh at this charade Screams of love in the air tonight and it burns like a buzzsaw blade Gratification, do you want some more On the bed, entangled on the floor Feel my eyes burn, we writhe until the dawn Tease and please, humility is gone Tongue licks sweet parade Animal lust and it burns like a buzzsaw blade Dripping wet, we laugh at this charade Screams of love in the air tonight and it burns like a buzzsaw blade Come on What are you waiting for... Excess perversion, and we'll never let it end You and I are making a private legend Feel my eyes burn, feel everything On my knees, but I reign as your king Tongue licks sweet parade Animal lust and it burns like a buzzsaw blade Dripping wet, we laugh at this charade Screams of love in the air tonight and it burns like a buzzsaw blade Closets of my mind destroyed, as I enter outward from a void Corpses white have strapped me down, I rise above then fall Tactual hallucination, cockroaches infest the wall Psychic pain on ice, I hurt Devoid strength my life, inert Anger fills they're shocked me back White corpses turn to black I run on psychic gasoline, my fuel shall burn you all Word salad, no ballad Word salad, no ballad Diabolic plot, a toy, my brain the corpses to destroy Prick my arm, injection fed, it's poison, I'm no fool Tetanus shot, be sure it's not, I wish I were at school Closets of my mind destroyed, but I enter inward, black void Hatred turned to apathy, led down this black abyss Good night, farewell you pig from hell, this world I shall not miss Word salad, no ballad Word salad Woken up from death, nausea Catatonic stupor, anoxia Remaining still I hold onto a sense of permanence Negativistic fear of pain, algophobic life sentence Moral, physical decay, hatred withered away Scourge of god he makes me pay, I shall not live or die Vegetative judgement passed, my only thought to cry Schizos are never alone Schizos are never alone Schizos are never alone Schizos are never alone I do not remember, where we did meet Lengthened years have built my mind, memories undeo Yet with instability one thing stands too clear Lady perfection, mystery, of whom I shed a tear Airwoven divinity, mind, soul in victory Cured of her malady, could this be my lost; Ligeia Airwoven divinity, mind, soul in victory Cured of her malady, could this be my lost; Ligeia Sickness fell upon Ligeia, all knew she would die Midnight came to lay her rest, farewell Opium dreams, grief-stricken years, I took another bride Replacing that which I did have, Ligeia why Airwoven divinity, mind, soul in victory Cured of her malady, could this be my lost; Ligeia Airwoven divinity, mind, soul in victory Cured of her malady, could this be my lost; Ligeia Chronic disease, my luck cursed My new wife has died Coming from her bed of death, I thought I heard her cry Could a corpse cold, stiff, sedate, sob in the bed it lie Approaching her, I chilled to stone, for it did swiftly rise I can never be mistaken, there were, they were Ligeia's eyes Airwoven divinity, mind, soul in victory Cured of her malady, could this be my lost; Ligeia Air woven divinity, tears shed, vitality Cured of her malady, yet this is my lost; Psychotic tendencies have put me here for life Dreams of smashing little things before they ruin my life Find means capable of smothering a flea Extermination is their end, escaping not from me Retaliate Decapitate - I love to see them bleed Annihilate I am human insecticide Creepy black mass, I see one down below Prepare to strike, act quickly now, strike the fatal blow Extinguishing the menace, they will know my name Destroying these, the lives of waste, delivered now to pain Retaliate Decapitate - I love to see them bleed Annihilate I am human insecticide Asphyxiate the flame of life From hatred they will die Power kept in my control Their souls are caged with mine Expelled from life, they cannot hide, I will find them out Their game's lost, I hunt them down, their end without a doubt Psychotic tendencies, my dreams are coming true My plans are set without repent, I'm tightening the screw Retaliate Decapitate - I love to see them bleed Annihilate I am human insecticide  welcome, i invite you off to the other world you'll have to face this house of no escape confront the past, in this psychic house of horrors i lead you up the path you'll take panic, your conscience lied trapped inside panic, your ultimate nightmare welcome to the fun palace panic, just try to scream it's only a dream panic, your ultimate nightmare welcome to the palace tonight you'll be tried, i invoke the memories the guilt to be driven from this unconscious mind young lives that you've denied, behold their faces innocence cut to pieces, just look behind panic, your conscience lied trapped inside panic, your ultimate nightmare welcome to the fun palace panic, just try to scream it's only a dream panic, your ultimate nightmare welcome to the palace look at the fun and the games that you've taken away confess! dreams of growing up have been destroyed because of you! farewell, i impel you back to your other world you'll have to face your every sin take this a painful bounty, representing me the keeper of the palace and the secrets held within panic, your conscience lied trapped inside panic, your ultimate nightmare welcome to the fun palace panic, just try to scream it's only a dream panic, your ultimate nightmare welcome to the palace goodbye, from the fun palace no control tonight, the lights are going dim the floor begins to tilt, it's blurring to a spin just let me find my keys, 'look down below' fresh air is all i need, then i'll go leading up the road to ruin you're full of alcoholic speed leading up the road to ruin no last chance, don't bother to plead high, over the limit, got to take it slow concentrate, kill the radio it's not the first time, it'll be the last i've said that before, in the past leading up the road to ruin you're full of alcoholic speed leading up the road to ruin no last chance, don't bother to plead speed, i've got to make it home not too far to go, you're getting near just down the block, there's nothing left to fear carefree, on top of the world, feeling power impaired security at ninety miles an hour leading up the road to ruin you're full of alcoholic speed leading up the road to ruin no last chance, don't bother to plead out disillusioned, self-confusion trying to make it through another day what's it all for, when does it end there must be another way woven webs of intricacy a life of nothing new no one here to understand pressure's crushing you sixes and sevens disorder battles control sixes and sevens crises overflow aggravation deep frustration i know what i want to do motivation is a problem when it's driven out of you emotion, commotion's filling up the brain direction's null and void another drink dilutes the pain sixes and sevens disorder battles control sixes and sevens crises overflow sinking fast will it last at sixes and sevens pulling through from yesterday another day is done determination self confidence has won woven webs of intricacy life is full of stress that can only hinder new desire to progress sixes and sevens disorder battles control sixes and sevens crises overflow sinking fast will it last at sixes and sevens stonewall - go to bat unless you want to live like that stonewall - can't we see we're our own worst enemy a land said to have all, wealth in land, in man qualities soon to exhaust as man's greed poisons the land streams, once fresh, were centres of life for so many a creature beauty without defence, polluted, never to replenish collage, blue and green, seen as golden industrial sites smudge as toxic pollutants destroy her remaining rights the power of corporations, spewing chemicals into the air fines are imposed to discourage, but what's a dime to a millionaire it's time to listen, and see the signs it's time to listen and hear her cries the one that gave us life is being burnt to the raw reaping unprotected riches, human nature's self-destruction flaw the power of corporations, spewing chemicals into the air fines are imposed to discourage, but what's a dime to a millionaire my room is full of toys and things but filled with nothing new just me and clare alone in this enchanted, placid room it's saturday and no more school there hasn't been for years she says we're here forever till eternity our solitude has been disturbed clare hold on, don't flee with open arms they call my name "oh won't you come with me?" get back, back! just leave us all alone take that and that! i'll break your every bone get back, back! just leave us all alone take that and that! i'll break your every bone blacking out, poisoned colours now decay drifting off to never, neverland please don't take me away to never, neverland no, to the neverland time has passed and now i see what i've lived through i've got no fears that match the hate that came from you it's saturday, i've things to do i wish you all the best now i leave your placid room enjoy eternal rest centuries of war and waste have dealt a mortal blow mother earth begins to rot humanity on death row life does slowly cease to be death seems so surreal as earth becomes a vacant lot there's nothing left to heal no colour in the skies no one left to blame and we thought we were wise as i fade, i feel revived shocked back into life opening imperilled eyes imperilled eyes cessation of physical life blackness rains from above what right did power have to annihilate the earth i loved now a barren wasteland the die is cast a planet that once did teem with life no evidence of a past no colour in the skies no one left to blame and we thought we were wise as i fade, i feel revived shocked back into life opening imperilled eyes imperilled eyes centuries of war and waste have dealt a mortal blow mother earth is now no more there's nothing left to heal no colour in the skies no one left to blame and we thought we were wise as i fade, i feel revived shocked back into life opening imperilled eyes imperilled eyes cupboard's bare, i'm so hungry life ain't fair, give me some money macaroni maniac, a cheddar cheese heart attack i love, i love, i love, i love kraf dinner boiling water, i can't wait it's getting hotter, it feels so great macaroni maniac, a cheddar cheese heart attack i love, i love, i love, i love kraf dinner well that was fun, but now that i'm all done now sedate, i think i'll buy a crate macaroni maniac, a cheddar cheese heart attack i love, i love, i love, i love kraf dinner kraf dinner dinner kraf dinner my dinner i want it now i have chosen you my friend, you're mine locked inside this frightening dream nowhere to hide every night my demons you will see an apparition festival, through hell you'll ride phantasmagoria sleep well phantasmagoria in hell some one here is calling out your name look out, i play inside your brain fleeing from my shadows, you'll never pass my test don't you know that ghosts never rest phantasmagoria sleep well phantasmagoria in hell approaching, you writhe, we take control unholy inquisition, sentence very cold my servants, demons, take you down the hole your mind destroyed, now i want your soul phantasmagoria sleep well phantasmagoria in hell phantasmagoria phantasmagoria in hell! the sky is falling, timbers they rush down all is in rubble, vomiting sounds screams in the night, yellow and orange blackened indent, future deformed the earth it doth shake, molested and torn all living aborted, none left but unborn contrived devastation, see all is ruined bodies, now corpses, bent, broken and strewn reduced to ash reduced to ash self-contained eternity, we've sealed the dawn by torching the sun with the dragons we have spawned farewell to all, it's time to leave chaotic waste, too much to grieve reduced to ash reduced to ash reduced reduced to ash no defence, enemy attack i'm fighting for my life they'll slice you to ribbons, you lose all inhibitions i laugh at the anti-christ power of position, deploying ammunition i'm free from your holy beliefs your pockets are bled, to christ you're wed gaze at the lost sheep i am in command i am in command i stand in command all the taking, eyes are waking to your mass control power fades, drunken ways creating your own hellhole your god cast out, my armaments shout your faith is soon null and void where's god, paid the church of fraud now heaven's left you unemployed i am in command i am in command i stand in command moans of the meek, i'm strong, they're weak i triumph as never before stand beside, be string, take pride truth comes from the core my war is fought by those i have taught and those pledged to be free i am here in alliance and stand in defiance of the church's almighty greed i am in command i am in command i stand in command  I shall give the vision of what is meant to be All you have to know is that I hold the master key I know your weakness and I can see your pain You scream deliverance and I will pave the way I'll set the world on fire It's your time to retire Because sooner or later You're going to meet your maker I'll give you what I think is best and what I know is right And those who follow me, I'll give you strength and might You pledge allegiance and I'll prevent your fall I am your leader and know I'll rule you all I'll set the world on fire It's your time to retire Because sooner or later You're going to meet your maker Your people are dying Your people are crying out That you must go down Down, down, down, you must go down Lets take them down Now that it's over and all is said and done You've turned the sky to black, no sign of the sun Do you think the free world is going to wish you well No god can save you now, you're going straight to hell We've set your world on fire You are now retired Because sooner or later We have to meet our maker Set the world on fire..... I've been living here a billon years or more You're ready to burn me up, so get set for war My world's been set on fire, like a knife in the back This is your final warning, prepare for attack Can't you hear me crying Get ready for the nozone Get ready! To bite the hand that feeds you, it's like a time bomb ready to blow You scorch and rape the land, look at Borneo Too much, too little, too late, chemicals take to the air They're gonna burn another hole in the sky, you'd better say your prayers Can't you hear me crying I'm trying to send a message out to you It's time to put out the fire Get ready for the nozone Dream and pray, the ozone mustn't burn away Try to run but you'll never hide, it's global suicide Why aren't you listening to me You'd better listen I've been living here a billon years or more You're ready to burn me up, so get set for war My world's been set on fire, like a knife in the back This is your final warning, prepare for attack Can't you hear me crying I'm trying to send a message out to you It's time to put out the fire Get ready for the nozone I'm getting sick and tired of wasting all my time And trying to read between your lines It's hard to see yourself, when the mirror's cracked Why don't you try to see the signs It's time to realise It's not that hard to see Just open up your eyes I've got bats in the belfrey Why not take all of me, or was this all in vain I'm crying out "Don't take me down with you" My pain and all your problems are coming to the boil So tired of all the hell I've been put through It's time to realise It's not that hard to see Just open up your eyes I've got bats in the belfrey Why don't you listen I'm trying to help you You don't, don't give a damn Why can't you hear me I'm trying to save you You don't give a, you don't, don't give a damn Anxiety attacks as confusion rips at the mind Help me, my head is spinning round and round Help me, I guess you'll never know untill it hits you in the face like a bat I sit here in my room without too much to say At least I'll live to see another dayn no thanks to you To late to realise It wasn't that hard to see Just open up your eyes I've got bats in the belfrey You were the world to me, I thought that I would always be there for you I was too blind to see, I would have clibed the highest mountain for you You gave me something to hope for, you made me feel like new But tonight it's over and we're through, and we're through I guess you've taken me for granted You've filled my world full of lies I want to know, give me some answers But you can't even look me in the eye Well I've taken all the shit I will take from you And I've only just begun to see the light You're just a big disgrace Turn around, get out of my face You've got no fuckin' class Reptile, you're a snake in the grass All the times we had together Were they real or just a fantasy So tell me why I wasn't good enough for you Just maybe you're not good enough for me Well I've taken all the shit I will take from you And I've only just begun to see the light You've been running around, having fun with anyone I don't believe you have the right Why, tell me why you're crying You've brought this on yourelf Lie, tell me why you're lying It's time to put you on your shelf Looks like I've taken you for granted And I've seen right through your disguise Tomorrow's going to be a better day for me You can find someone else to victimise Well I've taken all the shit I will take from you And I've only just begun to see the light You've been running around, having fun with anyone I don't believe you have the right Why, tell me why you're crying You've brought this on yourelf Lie, tell me why you're lying It's time to put you on your shelf Well I've taken all the shit I will take from you And I've only just begun to see the light You've been running around, having fun with anyone I don't believe you have the right Day by day, watching you disappear Wishing that you were still here beside me On my own, swimming against the tide There's nobody on my side but your memory Then you'll rise right before my eyes On wings that fill the sky Like a pheonix rising Like a pheonix rising Wings on fire, tearing into the night Screaming into the light of another day Carry me out the hurricane Into the smoke and flame and we'll fly away And we'll rise right before their eyes On wings that fill the sky Like a pheonix rising Like a pheonix rising Higher, higher, hear the thunder roar from above Fire, fire, fire makes me whole Into the smoke and flame and we'll fly away And we'll rise right before their eyes On wings that fill the sky Like a pheonix rising Like a pheonix rising Wings on fire, tearing in to the night And we'll fly away Good evening and welcome to a test of the minds This match begins as our thoughts begin to grind I send a pawn towards you, a subtle piece of my attack Pondering the next move, I guess you'll never know unless you try it Knight jumps queen if you know what I mean Anticipation of the final scene Knight jumps queen, so get prepared For this checkmate has been happily declared As the knight jumps the queen You have made selections, a white castle crumbles at your feet To Counter the men in black, your moves must all be elite A bishop takes a rook and this cuts him down to size This is no tailor-made situation I guess I have some real competition for once Knight jumps queen if you know what I mean Anticipation of the final scene Knight jumps queen, so get prepared For this checkmate has been happily declared As the knight jumps the queen Hours and hours to a stalemate, this game has come to a close Could it end without a climax betwwen to exhausted foes Night-time's falling on the castle, it's bringing in another day The concentration was impossible, I never had a doubt I wouldn't win it from you Knight jumps queen if you know what I mean Anticipation of the final scene Knight jumps queen, so get prepared For this checkmate has been happily declared As the knight jumps the queen Say goodbye and close your eyes, let's drift away Like a ship on the ocean, we'll set sail for a better day Come live in a daydream, this is your wonderland Let's swim in the deep sea, so jump in and take my hand Dream away don't wait for the night 'Cause any old time at all sounds good to me Hello, you can open your eyes, we're almost there Can you feel all the energy, there's magic everywhere Come live in a daydream, this is your destiny Just let the feeling surround you and it will set you free We've all got problems, don't let them get to you Amd when your feeling down, there's only one thing to do Dream away don't wait for the night 'Cause any old time at all sounds good to me Dream away, everything's alright I hope it sounds good to you, sounds good to me Sounds good to me We've all got problems, don't let them get to you Amd when your feeling down, there's only one thing to do Dream away don't wait for the night 'Cause any old time at all sounds good to me Dream away, everything's alright I hope it sounds good to you, sounds good to me Sounds good to me The edge, I'm walking a fine line To young to be waiting at stop signs I'm on fire and I can't cool down And I'm ready to roll right out of this town 'Cause there's something in me you can't learn in school They teach it on the street, it's the only rule It's the edge The edge, I'm dying in the classroom Tell me why should I dance to your tune Keep your plans for my security Because there's only one thing taking care of me And it's harder than steel, it cuts like a knife It's the way I run, it's a way of life The edge You can't hold me down forever What doesn't kill me makes me strong If you can't take it, you can't make it Out here on the edge for very long And it's harder than steel, it cuts like a knife It's the way I run, it's a way of life The edge I woke up this morning I couldn't get out of bed I had a couple of drinks last night I guess it went to my head I slept through my wake up call Forgot to feed the cat There's only one thing wrong I don't know where I'm at Excuse, no use, it doesn't work for me You've had your chances, don't bother me Tic toc, just look at the clock, your life is passing by You've had your chances, don't bother me I've got to get a move on It's a quarter to ten I can't find my keys at all Forgot my suit again I get to work, the boss says "late" This happens everyday Once more you've lost your job I don't care anyway Excuse, no use, it doesn't work for me You've had your chances, don't bother me Tic toc, just look at the clock, your life is passing by You've had your chances, don't bother me One drink is all you're really asking for But you want more Yesterday I lost my job It doesn't bother me I'll do what I want and I'll do it again You just wait and see Time for a drink and no time to think With a bottle of rum Well I'm running low and it's time to go Out to get me some Excuse, no use, it doesn't work for me You've had your chances, don't bother me Tic toc, just look at the clock, your life is passing by You've had your chances, don't bother me I dropped out of the rat race I just needed a break from it all And now I live in the country With the birds and the bees and these bright white walls Let me introduce you to some friends of mine They're so polite and they dress so fine Sometimes they take me for a walk in the sun I get to play in the grass 'till I'm done Brain dance Brain dance This is brain dance Watch my brain dance I'd like to call myself an artist My toe paintings are just the best But when my feet get tired I lose the crayon and get some rest I've got a feeling there's a fish in the floor I'd better squish it or he'll swim out the door Sometimes they take me for a walk in the sun I see my fish and I have to run Brain dance Brain dance This is brain dance Watch my brain dance Rubber shoes, a dirty sock Plastic toes and it's my pet rock And this song is very silly and it makes no sense at all because it's weird Out of the pan and into the fire and back in the pan again He jumped out of the frying pan, into the fire and he's back again He jumped, what?, yes he's jumped and he's flying through the air He jumped out of the frying pan, into the fire and he's back again Let me introduce you to a friend of mine She's been here for quite some time Sometimes we go out for a walk in the sun To walk with ALICE is always fun Brain dance Brain dance This is brain dance Watch my brain dance  Alice, isn't it frightening? Alice, aren't you scared? Alice, isn't it wonderful? Living life afraid Don't look around the corner I might be lurking there Under the bed at night You're up till dawn again Alison hell, your mind begins to fold Alison hell, aren't you growing cold? Alison hell, you are looking blue Alice in hell, what else can you do? Alice I begin my rule, life hideous in your mind Crying out, you've lost your doll It isn't worth a dime Alison hell, your mind begins to fold Alison hell, aren't you growing cold? Alison hell, what are you looking for? Alice in hell, soon I close the door Sitting in the corner, you are naked and alone No one listened to your fears, you've created me Alice, isn't it frightening? Alice, aren't you scared? I was killed at birth I shoot this final scene You're in the basement You're trapped insanity Alison hell, what were you looking for? Alison hell, as I close the door Alison hell, here you shall dwell Alison hell, Alice dwells in hell Alice Alice Alison Alice In hell Goodbye I have chosen you my friend, you're mine Locked inside this frightening dream Nowhere to hide Every night my demons you will see An apparition festival, through hell you'll ride Phantasmagoria Sleep well Phantasmagoria In hell Some one here is calling out your name Look out, I play inside your brain Fleeing from my shadows, you'll never pass my test Don't you know that ghosts never rest Phantasmagoria Sleep well Phantasmagoria In hell Approaching, you writhe, we take control Unholy inquisition, sentence very cold My servants, demons, take you down the hole Your mind destroyed, now I want your soul Phantasmagoria Sleep well Phantasmagoria In hell Phantasmagoria Phantasmagoria In hell! Darkness fills another room, crowded to the hilt Suddenly a flash of light, the floor begins to tilt Screaming hungry maniacs, celebrate the sound Of music most appreciated by the underground Back to the crypt, thrashing the underground Back to the crypt, get yourself back Back to the crypt, we'll hit you hard and heavy Back to the crypt We're criticized for what we do, just thrashing having fun Singing songs of love and hate Our power is next to none Pounding through from hall to hall, rooms so full of good Friends and those who wanna be simply understood Back to the crypt, thrashing the underground Back to the crypt, get yourself back Back to the crypt, we'll hit you hard and heavy Back to the crypt Starting out with no respect for what we have to play No future in your band is what they used to always say Thanks to you we have the drive our foots now in the door Opening alternatives to metal and hardcore Back to the crypt, thrashing the underground Back to the crypt, get yourself back Back to the crypt, we'll hit you hard and heavy Back to the crypt Here we are at the gallery of the grotesque Come a little closer just a few more steps As we enter now we see the neophyte of life Looking for the saviour living on the knife Gallery of the grotesque Where your fears are brought from rest Grotesque gallery of the grotesque Strength survives this fatal test Grotesque gallery of the grotesque Where your fears are brought from rest Grotesque gallery of the grotesque Strength survives this fatal test grotesque Feel the rhythm pounding on madly through your veins Are you willing to come with me to go insane Who here will try to die no echo no last goodbye Psychic revelations welcome to your death There we are at the gallery of the grotesque What is alive inside your brain You can leave would not you play my game In your room dream too much blood Scream what is out there Psychotic tendencies have put me here for life Dreams of smashing little things before they ruin my life Find means capable of smothering a flea Extermination is their end, escaping not from me Retaliate Decapitate - I love to see them bleed Annihilate I am human insecticide Creepy black mass, I see one down below Prepare to strike, act quickly now, strike the fatal blow Extinguishing the menace, they will know my name Destroying these, the lives of waste, delivered now to pain Retaliate Decapitate - I love to see them bleed Annihilate I am human insecticide Asphyxiate the flame of life From hatred they will die Power kept in my control Their souls are caged with mine Expelled from life, they cannot hide, I will find them out Their game's lost, I hunt them down, their end without a doubt Psychotic tendencies, my dreams are coming true My plans are set without repent, I'm tightening the screw Retaliate Decapitate - I love to see them bleed Annihilate I am human insecticide Welcome, I invite you off to the other world You'll have to face this house of no escape Confront the past, in this psychic house of horrors I lead you up the path you'll take Panic, your conscience lied Trapped inside Panic, your ultimate nightmare Welcome to the fun palace Panic, just try to scream It's only a dream Panic, your ultimate nightmare Welcome to the palace Tonight you'll be tried, I invoke the memories The guilt to be driven from this unconscious mind Young lives that you've denied, behold their faces Innocence cut to pieces, just look behind Panic, your conscience lied Trapped inside Panic, your ultimate nightmare Welcome to the fun palace Panic, just try to scream It's only a dream Panic, your ultimate nightmare Welcome to the palace Look at the fun and the games that you've taken away Confess! Dreams of growing up have been destroyed Because of you! Farewell, I impel you back to your other world You'll have to face your every sin Take this a painful bounty, representing me The keeper of the palace and the secrets held within Panic, your conscience lied Trapped inside Panic, your ultimate nightmare Welcome to the fun palace Panic, just try to scream It's only a dream Panic, your ultimate nightmare Welcome to the palace Goodbye, from the fun palace Catch a shooting star, burn it to a crisp Born into death, will you take the risk See buckets and buckets, yeah buckets of sin You'll never end and can never begin Welcome to your death Welcome to your death Welcome to your death No forest of pleasure or fields of pain High-rise at night see the pavement of stain A beckoning hand from those who were slain Now you can sleep again Welcome to your death Welcome to your death Welcome to your death I take the night and I stretch it wide And I see all, you hide, I died So slip right in, sip the wine The caution flashes but the water's fine Welcome to your death Welcome to your death Welcome to your death Closets of my mind destroyed, as I enter outward from a void Corpses white have strapped me down, I rise above then fall Tactual hallucination, cockroaches infest the wall Psychic pain on ice, I hurt Devoid strength my life, inert Anger fills they're shocked me back White corpses turn to black I run on psychic gasoline, my fuel shall burn you all Word salad, no ballad Word salad, no ballad Diabolic plot, a toy, my brain the corpses to destroy Prick my arm, injection fed, it's poison, I'm no fool Tetanus shot, be sure it's not, I wish I were at school Closets of my mind destroyed, but I enter inward, black void Hatred turned to apathy, led down this black abyss Good night, farewell you pig from hell, this world I shall not miss Word salad, no ballad Word salad Woken up from death, nausea Catatonic stupor, anoxia Remaining still I hold onto a sense of permanence Negativistic fear of pain, algophobic life sentence Moral, physical decay, hatred withered away Scourge of god he makes me pay, I shall not live or die Vegetative judgement passed, my only thought to cry Well if you're lookin' for trouble I'm the man to see If you're lookin' for satisfaction I'm satisfaction guaranteed I'm as cool as a body on ice Hotter than a rollin' dice Send you to heaven Take you to hell I ain't foolin' Can't you tell I'm a live wire, I'm a live wire, I'm a live wire Gonna set this town on fire And if you need some lovin' And if you need some man You've got the phone and the number And I got no future plans Oh come on honey you got nothin' to lose You got the thirst 'n I got the booze Give you an inch Take you a mile I wanna make you fry I'm a live wire, (live wire) I'm a live wire, (live wire) I'm a live wire, (live wire) Holy smoke and sweet desire Like a hot rod baby? Oh stick this in your fuse box Aah cooler than a body on ice Hotter than a rollin' dice Wilder than a drunken fight You're gonna burn tonight I'm a live wire, (live wire) I'm a live wire, (live wire) I'm a live wire, (live wire) And I'm gonna set this town on fire Live wire, (live wire) I'm a live wire, (live wire) Well I'm your live wire, (live wire) I'm a live wire, (live wire) You're gonna burn Ah look at me, guilty ...... Burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn, burn Good evening and welcome to a test of the minds This match begins as our thoughts begin to grind I send a pawn towards you, a subtle piece of my attack Pondering the next move, I guess you'll never know unless you try It Knight jumps queen if you know what I mean Anticipation of the final scene Knight jumps queen, so get prepared For this checkmate has been happily declared As the knight jumps the queen You have made selections, a white castle crumbles at your feet To Counter the men in black, your moves must all be elite A bishop takes a rook and this cuts him down to size This is no tailor-made situation I guess I have some real competition for once Knight jumps queen if you know what I mean Anticipation of the final scene Knight jumps queen, so get prepared For this checkmate has been happily declared As the knight jumps the queen Hours and hours to a stalemate, this game has come to a close Could it end without a climax between to exhausted foes Night-time's falling on the castle, it's bringing in another day The concentration was impossible, I never had a doubt I wouldn't Win it from you Knight jumps queen if you know what I mean Anticipation of the final scene Knight jumps queen, so get prepared For this checkmate has been happily declared As the knight jumps the queen A new day lies before me And something doesn't seems to be the same My life's so full with so much dark affection I realize I'm the only one to blame Fantastic things speaking to me I've opened my eyes to the new reality The pain I've known, slowly fade away Fantastic thing speaking to me Lost in a endless dream That's haunted me forever This feelings I didn't show Brief the confusion Will I can daily those just eating away Theres so much in life I need to know Fantastic thing speaking to me I've open my eyes to new reality The pain I've known, was slowly faded away Fantastic thing speaking to me As I awaken, it all become so clear and you're so good, so deep inside Just look around and listen, the tales of agony The season of my life this time, is seted free A new day lies before me Echoing those twisted senseless memories I've had the time to stop and wonder Of the world it's sorting out And what there is to see Fantastic thing speaking to me I've open my eyes to new reality The pain I've known, slowly fades away Fantastic thing speaking to me Fantastic thing speaking to me Fantastic thing speaking to me The pain I've known, slowly fades away Fantastic thing speaking to me Fantastic thing speaking to me I'm getting sick and tired of wasting all my time And trying to read between your lines It's hard to see yourself, when the mirror's cracked Why don't you try to see the signs It's time to realise It's not that hard to see Just open up your eyes I've got bats in the belfrey Why not take all of me, or was this all in vain I'm crying out "Don't take me down with you" My pain and all your problems are coming to the boil So tired of all the hell I've been put through It's time to realise It's not that hard to see Just open up your eyes I've got bats in the belfrey Why don't you listen I'm trying to help you You don't, don't give a damn Why can't you hear me I'm trying to save you You don't give a, you don't, don't give a damn Anxiety attacks as confusion rips at the mind Help me, my head is spinning round and round Help me, I guess you'll never know until it hits you in the face Like a bat I sit here in my room without too much to say At least I'll live to see another day no thanks to you To late to realise It wasn't that hard to see Just open up your eyes I've got bats in the belfrey Hey man, you got a dollar, maybe some change? No sorry man I don't have any money, I'm in a hurry leave me alone. Honest, all I want is something to eat. Yeah right, the way you smell you'd probably spend it on booze. I wasn't always like this. I woke up this morning I could not get out of bed I had a couple of drinks last night I guess it went to my head I slept through my wake up call forgot to feed the cat There is only one thing wrong I do not know where I am at Excuse, no use, it does not work for me You have had your chances so why bother me Tic toc, just look at the clock, your life is passing by You have had your chances, do not bother me One drink is all need you do not care about the life you need You got an evil appetite to feed I have got to get a move on it is a quarter to ten I cannot find my keys at all forgot my suit again I get to work, the boss says "late" this happens everyday Once more, you have lost your job I do not care anyway Yesterday I lost my job it does not bother me I will do what I want and I will do it again you just wait and see Time for a drink and no time to think with a bottle of rum Well I am running low and it is time to go out to get me some Here we are at the gallery of the grotesque Come a little closer just a few more steps As we enter now we see the neophyte of life Looking for the saviour living on the knife Gallery of the grotesque Where your fears are brought from rest Grotesque gallery of the grotesque Strength survives this fatal test Grotesque gallery of the grotesque Where your fears are brought from rest Grotesque gallery of the grotesque Strength survives this fatal test grotesque Feel the rhythm pounding on madly through your veins Are you willing to come with me to go insane Who here will try to die no echo no last goodbye Psychic revelations welcome to your death There we are at the gallery of the grotesque What is alive inside your brain You can leave would not you play my game In your room dream too much blood Scream what is out there Alice isn't frightening Alice aren't you scared Alice isn't is wonderful Living life afraid Don't look around the corner I might be lurking there Under the bed at night You're up till dawn again Alison hell, your mind begins to fold Alison hell, aren't you growing cold Alison hell, you are looking blue Alice in hell, what else can you do Alice I begin my rule, life hideous in your mind Crying out, you've lost your doll It isn't worth a dime Alison hell, your mind begins to fold Alison hell, aren't you growing cold Alison hell, what are you looking for Alice in hell, soon I close the door Sitting in the corner, you are naked and alone No one listened to your fears, you've created me Alice isn't frightening Alice aren't you scared I was killed at birth I shoot this final scene You're in the basement You're trapped insanity Alison hell, what were you looking for Alison hell, as I close the door Alison hell, here you shall dwell Alison hell, Alice dwells in hell Alice Alice Alison Alice In hell Goodbye I have chosen you my friend, you're mine Locked inside this frightening dream Nowhere to hide Every night my demons you will see An apparition festival, through hell you'll ride Phantasmagoria Sleep well Phantasmagoria In hell Some one here is calling out your name Look out, I play inside your brain Fleeing from my shadows, you'll never pass my test Don't you know that ghosts never rest Phantasmagoria Sleep well Phantasmagoria In hell Approaching, you writhe, we take control Unholy inquisition, sentence very cold My servants, demons, take you down the hole Your mind destroyed, now I want your soul Phantasmagoria Sleep well Phantasmagoria In hell Phantasmagoria Phantasmagoria In hell!  I am a box, I am a screen I'm every nightmare, I'm every dream I am the window over your land so turn me on, come take my hand don't push me I offer you scandal, I offer a wealth of gratuitous violence, hazardous to your health I give the vision, of how life should be I choose your heroes, come follow me Come follow me it's just a box, it's just a screen it's only a nightmare, it's only a dream we give the vision, of how life should be we choose our own heroes, come follow me I rule the jungle, I rule it with pride I'm judge and jury, your life I decide I have awaken for my nightly feast A reign of terror, beware of the beast Don't try to run - there's no way to survive A vicious surrender I'll eat you alive No one is safe until I get my fill All hear my warning I'm king of the KILL Stalking the land for the scent of my prey Stopping for nothing don't get in my way Left to the vultures your life is denied I rule the jungle I rule it with pride Don't try to run - there's no way to survive A vicious surrender I'll eat you alive No one is safe until I get my fill All hear my warning I'm king of the KILL hiding in the darkness, sheltered from the rain my mom and dad are gone now, I'm alone again is anybody out there? does anybodycare? I don't wanna live here anymore, I don't wanna live see the people suffering, watch the children die doesn't it make you wonder why? money and power, the television's red one by one, they collect the dead hell is a war, hell, what is it for? they'll slay the innocent and every mothers son to get the ethnic cleansing done hey Mr.Politician, what are you gonna do? this nightmare's up to you stopping for nothing, I fire at will in the name of my religion I shoot to kill to kill Hell is a war Hello, are you looking for me? I'm the one to ease your pain just call me "doctor" and I'll prescribe cocain I am your reason to live I'm your church and I'm your pastor c'mon, you've got nothing to lose it's time to bring you up a little faster it's not the first time that you've taken the bait you don't need anyone cause I will be your soul mate c'mon and taste me, I'll take you where you want to go let's fly to the mountains, you can bury yourself in the snow it's time to kill, lets have some fun you'll fight, I'll win, cause I'm second to none you need me and I want you cause I'm the devils son you'll fight, I'll win, cause I'm second to none welcome to my world, I hope you see there's no way out just look around you, I'll take you higher so just scream sceam it out I am your reason to live, I'm the power that runs in the veins you can bet your ass, I'll take you down but you've only yourself to blame the storm is coming closer spreading out, infecting like disease (like a disease) all life below, is crushed under the power of machine Annihilator (this machine) Annihilator Annihilator (this machine) Annihilator rumble lightning rips the sky at night his power paints the city blood red (blood red) nowhere to run, nowhere to hide don't look behind cause you're dead Annihilator (now you're dead) Annihilator Annihilator (now you're dead) Annihilator you're trapped alone, filled with fear there's no one to help you the storm is coming closer spreading out, infecting like disease (like a disease) all life below is crushed under the power of machine Annihilator (this machine) Annihilator Annihilator (this machine) Annihilator rumble Welcome to the hothouse, the game is called 21 I was in debt right up to my neck, I wasn't having any fun but then the dealer turned around, she looked me right in the eye I got no time for messing around, but you know I had to give it a try she got me under the gun - she can't have 21 she asked me why I wasn't taking my time, sweat running down my neck I had the 6, the lady got 9 from the bottom of the deck a 4 for me, it was a good thing, but she was sitting on a face I said hit me with your best shot and she gave me the ace she got me under the gun - she can't have 21 I've got to be the chosen one - she can't have 21 I've gotta win, I've gotta win or I might as well be dead God let me win, just let me win, or I might as well be dead Deuce's up, dealer has 21 The lamb and the lion - I destroyed you I tore your world apart I left the pieces bleeding in the dark The light and the darkness - come between us I built a wall of tears I built it straight through your heart it's in the blood - running through my veins the pain inside is driving me insane I've done it all before and I'll do it again and again cause it's in the blood - it's in the blood the dream and the nightmare lay on the pillow beside you every night cause what you see is what you get - from me The light and the darkness - come between us I built a wall of tears I built it straight through your heart it's in the blood - running through my veins the pain inside is driving me insane I've done it all before and I'll do it again and again cause it's in the blood - it's in the blood deep in my dreams I'm all you want from me I'm all of light, I'm electricity The light and the darkness - come between us You take the time to cut me down you're a fool, you're the talk of the town so jealous, can't you see it's your own insecurity your life is a mess, slightly obsessed are you a paranoid schizo? what a fiasco looking for scandal, you're under the gun cause I'm having so much fun they say you're missing a screw this laugh is just for you, ha! I don't hold any grudges I'm such a nice guy forgive and forget or better yet goodbye I'm on a mission, I'm gonna break the speed of sound My pulse is racing, I'm gonna have to hunt you down, hunt you down Acceleration I gotta, gotta go faster Give me more speed They say I'm crazy and I'm headed for disaster Give me more speed No competition,left in my dust - they'll never learn, they'll never learn This is my rocket, my aviation fuel is set to burn, she's set to burn Acceleration I gotta, gotta go faster Give me more speed They say I'm crazy and I'm headed for disaster Give me more speed Go You wanna rock and roll at a million miles an hour Just put your foot to the floor, c'mon and feel the power I know exactly what I'm after I know exactly what I need I need the speed I'm on a mission, I'm gonna break the speed of sound, sound My pulse is racing, I'm gonna have to chase you down, chase you down Acceleration I gotta, gotta go faster Give me more speed They say I'm crazy and I'm headed for disaster Give me more speed Acceleration I gotta, gotta go faster Give me more speed They say I'm crazy and I'm headed for disaster Give me more speed Acceleration I gotta, gotta go faster Give me more speed They say I'm crazy and I'm headed for disaster Give me more speed My father tried to tell me son just get your feet on the ground you're in deep way over your head just turn your life around poor mother, all I ever gave to her was pain - I didn't realise the last thing I remember was the tears running from her eyes something happened along the way - I was a bad child something happened they'd always say - I was a little wild I was a bad child playing hookey, drinkin octane, I didn't care anymore - no always running against the grain, I was rotten to the core I could live forever - until they threw me out the door I was sleeping on the floor something happened along the way - I was a bad child something happened they'd always say - I was a little wild I was a bad child My father tried to tell me son just get your feet on the ground you're in deep way over your head, I've turned my life around my mother was the best to me, I guess I never realized one thing that I'll never forget was the tears running from her eyes something happened along the way - I was a bad child something happened they'd always say - I was a little wild some along the way now I'm living for a better day something happened along the way - I was a bad child running wild  I cannot lose control, they'll drag me down, down the hole must win the battle, I must win the war, just buy our product and you'll want more we say refresh, refresh the demon subliminal, yet direct, another billion, to collect another flavor to satisfy, they forgot to tell you, it's all a lie let's raise a glass to the young, models and athletes they'll become so sip the poison, sip the wine, suck your life out, you're doing fine we say refresh, refresh the demon temptation, frustration, it ain't easy to beat condition, addiction I shall defeat back against the wall, I'm through there is only one thing left to do that is to fight the demon I cannot lose control, they'll drag me down, down the hole must win the battle, I must win the war, "just buy our product and you'll want more" we say refresh, refresh the demon I kill for god, and I kill for power For propaganda, the news hour You know my cause so don't turn your Back you see my anger, fear my attack Assassinate kidnap and murder, I will terrify The death of an innocent, I will justify Target you are now in my sight You'll never know what hit you, you're blown by dynamite I'm gonna overthrow you, burn to the ground Hijack or with a bomb, I'm gonna shoot you down Arson, ransom, I got a gun to your head You do what I want or bang bang you're dead I kill for god and I kill for power For propaganda, the news hour You know my cause so don't turn your back You see my anger, you better fear my attack hey you, I hear you got nothing to lose well I got a deal to soothe your soul, an offer you can't refuse just step into my world, I guarantee you'll never be the same let me introduce myself, I'm sure you've heard the name they call me the pastor of disaster sucker, I've got you now, it's time to make your descent I've got one hell of a schedule, there will be no time to repent what, you dare defy me, when I could slice you up with ease I am temptation so get down on your knees never cut a deal with the pastor I am the 6-star general and these are my commands bow to me and take my plague, spread it across the lands never cut a deal with the pastor can anybody help me, you sold your soul can anybody help me, never cut a deal with disaster never cut a deal with the pastor can anybody help me, you sold your soul can anybody help me, never cut a deal with the pastor can anybody help me, you sold your soul can anybody help me, never cut a deal with disaster they call me the pastor of disaster I'm scratching a picture on the wall of a man called nothing at all why are they keeping me here please just let me go please let me go I'm hearing voices deep inside my head but I don't want to listen why don't you leave me, just leave me alone cause I'm in no condition Join us - I won't follow you Join us - there's nothing you can do Join us - you're never going to win Join us - cause I'll never let you in what are these creatures crawling over me? I'm in no condition Join us - I won't follow you Join us - there's nothing you can do Join us - you're never going to win Join us - cause I'll never let you in I claw at the walls until my fingers bleed is it really happening or is it just a dream I look in the mirror his eyes stare right back he is always watching this room turns to black we are the voices deep inside you're head but you don't want to listen I'm on the run and I'm moving fast I got to get away, away from the past it's getting closer, and I can feel a chill there's no time to waste, there's no time to kill gotta run it's Ultraparanoia darkness surrounds, I can feel the eyes burning to chase their human prize I got to cover the tracks, I gotta cover 'em well cause if they catch me, I'm going straight to hell I'm getting sick of everything I see and I hate what's happening to me this place is cold, it's turning me to stone these streets won't leave me be garbage, murder, misery, so this is ecstasy it's all a bunch of lies you try to take me and rape me of my dreams they're melting right before my eyes, city of ice I'm feeling anger and I'm feeling rage just like a puppet on a stage I hear the shots can't you hear the screams death is all around, this ain't no dream garbage, murder, misery, so this is ecstasy it's all a bunch of lies you try to take me and rape me of my dreams they're melting right before my eyes, city of ice I'm freezing up inside, there's nothing left to heal this can't be happening, this can't be real a living nightmare, what is it for cause I can't take it, I can't take it anymore, no I'm getting tired of all this pain I'm surprised I'm not insane it's never over until the end but I know I'll never be the same garbage, murder, misery / so this is ecstasy? it's all a bunch of lies you try to take me and rape me of my dreams they're melting right before my eyes garbage, murder, misery / so this is ecstasy? it's all a fucking lie you try to take me and rape me of my dreams they're melting right before my eyes City of ice I'd sell my mother and I'd steal from the blind just to have every last nickel and dime break-ins and muggings, I'll try to defraud I'll run up the bill on your credit card anything for money I'll sell a secret and betray the land robbing a friend, isn't larceny grand buying and selling, the running of guns I run from the law but embezzle their funds anything for money anything for money hundreds of thousands without a concern millions and billions there's money to burn and I want it all I'll try to sue you and take you to court and if I have to blackmail and extort taking the money to fund my research swindling millions by using the church anything for money anything for money hundreds of thousands without a concern millions and billions there's money to burn and I want it all I like to feast on thoughts of anger I like to prey on evil minds And I like to rip the very fabric That keeps them all intertwined I'm full of lies, just hold me as you die I wrench this vice, my human sacrifice You beg and I feed, your blood is all I need Rapture, ecstasy, it's time to bleed for me I love the dark and screaming madness No one can see through my disguise The sewer rats are just a snack But I'm here to crush your petty lives I'm full of lies, just hold me as you die I wrench this vice, my human sacrifice You beg and I feed, your blood is all I need Rapture, ecstasy, it's time to bleed for me I am a never-ending nightmare And I dream of swallowing the sun My eyes burn to embrace you Nowhere to hide, nowhere to run I'm full of lies, just hold me as you die I wrench this vice, my human sacrifice You beg and I feed, your blood is all I need Rapture, ecstasy, it's time to bleed for me my door's locked from the inside, I can't take anymore I'm safe from the outside, the other side of the door alone in the darkness, alone in my space no one can reach me, no one to get on my case cause I'm getting sick of the outside trying to get deep into me there's too many voices and victims around me I've been sitting for hours, but they won't leave me alone and everything that I see turns me to stone I'm alone in the darkness, and I think I'll stay cause this is the solitude I crave cause I'm getting sick of the outside trying to get deep into me there's too many voices and victims around me so precious and new, I see the innocent little eyes I'll always be there, I'll always be there to hear your cries the way you've changed my life from the very first day you were born you give me the answer to what it's all for I worry for you as I look into the future all the things that you've shown me, it's almost as if you were a messenger the way you've changed my life from the very first day you were born you give me the answer to what it's all for want to hold you, so come, in my arms want to feel you and keep you from harm I knew from the start that you could steal my (heart)  Six feet under no longer alive this is your destiny cause I have arrived I am not a nightmare I am disease and I'll bring society to it's knees murder the world I was born to murder the world the fools and the innocent they're all the same to me, I thrive on pleasure and pain it's not a war of attrition I never lose the games feel the grand invasion feasting in the veins I was born to murder the world your strenght devoured just wither away 'til the final hour the battle is won march to the beat I am the plague, invincible that you can't defeat I was born to murder the world I've heard a lot about you and I've heard all about your disease well they say you're an animal with a rabid desire to please I'm on the hunt, you're on the prowl do you wanna do the time come on, we've got nothing to lose let's commit the crime I want your flesh sexecution so the feeling is mutual the huner's gonna turn into a feast got to cool the fire, control desire it's time to unleash the beast I wanna sex you up, sex you down I wanna do it all over and all around russian roulette at a hundred degrees I don't wanna die but you sure can please I want your flesh sexecution now that it's over the temperature falls reality begins to rise what have I done, under the gun never should've rolled the dice how do your feel, miss sex appeal have your played this game before a nail in the coffin, a bullet to the head take the chance and wind up dead You nail yourself like Jesus posing on a cross you're waiting for the saviour you're waiting to get off I seen you in the movies I've passed you on the street I saw you walk on water or was that make-believe there is no love anymore I am hanging helpless here in front of you a broken toy, a puppet that no one wants to use I try to wake you slowly you push me to the ground loathe the final round there is no love anymore I throw myself at the sky and fall back to the ground I throw myself off the earth and you don't hear a sound trapped in rage, but you won't listen bursting veins, but you won't listen there is no love anymore There are those amongst us ignorant who think that they are not only superior to other races but the carriers of a superior morality and culture these groups are generally composed of discontented people who target other with racist propaganda and acs of violence we are the children, we are the ones on a mission of god, we are the soldiers we'll dominate, you'll beg like a dog mother and father follow the leader he shall redeem, take down minority wipe out the weak, white is supreme making you suffer, making you feel disgrace shame on your color, shame on your creed and your race prey on the anger, prey on the fear everything is justified, bred to hate we must never forget the goal is genocide sick fucking racist, you were born to be deceived, command of all your thoughts has got to be relieved, violence, greed bigotry, your messages are all insane society wonders what goes on inside your brain prey on the anger, everything is justified bred to hate, their goal is genocide never forget That old man's waiting in the snow again he knows what he knows but it isn't the same, watching insults launched over his head he's out of the game but he isn't quite dead the human remains he fought fear with hope but you'll eventually know one day you are the man in the snow and it doesn't matter what fills you with dread the game is a game and life is a thread the human remains tar me, feather me and push me around punish me and correct me kick me when I'm down crucify me and stone me hang me out to die well light a fire and burn me all because of a lie all these years you have taken away you don't wanna listen don't care what I say you're making a mistake ashes to ashes, dust to dust I'm tired of doing the time I shall return, then you will learn vengeance will be mine try me, judge me and put me to your test use me and abuse me come on and do your best, gas me shoot me, destroy me if you can slice me up and dice me then bury me in the sand all these years you have taken away you don't wanna listen don't care what I say you're making a mistake ashes to ashes, dust to dust I'm tired of doing the time I shall return, then you will learn vengeance will be mine connect me, fry me, electricity well off with the head then hold it up for all to see boil me and screw me, stretch me open wide injecting the poison, cook me from inside all these years you have taken away you don't wanna listen don't care what I say you're making a very big mistake ashes to ashes, dust to dust I'm tired of doing the time I shall return, then you will learn vengeance will be mine I'm walking in the darkness, I'm trying to un-wind just the kind of peace, I need to soothe my mind I'm tired of all the noise, tired of all the pain escape in the night, just to face another day I'm talking to the wind I can feel the calm, the pressures start to go and I can feel the life, it now begins to flow there's something round the corner there's something in the air a cool, cool chill but I really don't care I'm talking to the wind showers, under moonlight, try to rain on the parade don't fight the feelings, try to drain them out wash them away and they'll end without a doubt I'm talking to the wind notrhing's going to stop me cause I'm heading for the sky release the tension, it's good to be alive don't try to limit me, don't try to bring me down cause I've found a way to soar above the clouds I'm talking to the wind Hey you, I need a friend, I hope you feel the same this life is sucking me dry, how do you deal with the pain step closer, my friend, come and hear my pitch I understand, just how do you feel, well ain't life a bitch tricks and traps, slice you to nothing tricks and traps, never let 'em get to you they'll drag you down, down to the bottom tricks and traps, you better beware I bring you pleasure, I'll bring you pain I heal and disease, play-time, I like to ruin for fun I'll bring you down to your knees illusions and dis-illusions, I make them up for real the damage is random, so believe me, it's time to kneel tricks and traps, slice you to nothing tricks and traps, never let 'em get to you they'll drag you down, down to the bottom tricks and traps, you better beware can you feel the madness, racing through the brain psychedelic to the core, tell me, are we not insane I try to make you fail, I'll put you to the test there's one thing, you should never forget, is that life never rests I'm on top of the world and I will never fall I can and will deceive you and trick you all manipulation, well I ruin just for fun there's no time for hesitation, it's time time to get the job done well I get just what I want, because I rule the land I am invincible, you better understand magic man, magic man, you can't stop the magic man magic man, magic man, you'll never catch the magic man, magic man I steal from the innocent by throwing dust in their eyes so many stupid people, eating up my lies well I get just what I want because I rule the land I am invincible, you better understand magic man, magic man, you can't stop the magic man magic man, magic man, you'll never catch the magic man, magic man the walls of the castle come a crumbling down well I thought you were the king of the world just a selfish, sickening maniac, so long say goodbye to the world, you're gonna get what you deserve well I get just what I want because I rule the land I am invincible, you better understand magic man, magic man, you can't stop the magic man magic man, magic man, you'll never catch the magic man, magic man accidental intake, down the throat the chances of survival can be remote extreme reaction, I got to medicate must inject the dose, I hope that I'm not late push the plunger all the way pray to live another day feel the rush through the veins got to, got to un-invite the pain panic setting in, the waiting has begun frustration, the damage has been done it's getting hard to breathe, the swelling is intense the last shot, it's the end of my defence push the plunger all the way pray to live another day feel the rush through the veins got to, got to un-invite the pain  I'm dreaming of the lights, coming from behind The clouded's getting clearer, it's closer all the time Darker, taller, bigger, all blackness under wing Reaping holy profits from the fear of absolutely nothing Bloodbath - no one here will miss The stench of your abyss Bloodbath - the blood is never yours Whores, your followers I hear the people coming, I hear them down the hall, hell They're banging at my door, what do they got to sell Everything moves slowly, I feel trapped and powerless My body weighs a thousand pounds and I cannot confess The door is crashing open, it's ripping from the wall No matter what I do I seem to do nothing at all The ligths are getting brighter and they won't go away The voice is getting louder and there's no need to pray I think the world is stumbling, I think I feel it shake There's something in the room But there's nothing left to break The blackness getting bigger than the serpent's universe Ruthless angels lie and steal and spread the catholic curse My brain's on fire, my brain's on drugs, call up the guard And fill my cup, I feel so lost, I'm so alone, here in my room Come fill me up, the door is locked, you can't get out Said the voice of malice Here I am, trapped inside, under glass, the fun palace Creepy crawlers, sidewalk maulers, have you met our little alice Cobweb corners, pre-paid mourners, won't you come back to the palace When I look through the glass, I see them dancing in the dark There's one now, oh can't you see the eyes of fire Watch out for sparks What in hell is it they want and can they get behind my wall Can you hear, hear it creep, coming closer, hear it call Creepy crawlers, sidewalk maulers, have you met our little alice Cobweb corners, pre-paid mourners, welcome back to the palace I'm out the door and I'm heading for the wall Deep into the night, please god, don't let me fall I hear the bark of the dogs, gotta make my choices Search lights getting brighter Please don't let them take my voices away The pictures of, deep in my mind, the memories that can kill I lick the wounds, they can't be cleansed because they Won't, won't hold still and I scream in agony I feel the flesh tearing off me, oh help me please It's hide and seek, this secret's found in therapy Creepy crawlers, sidewalk maulers, have you met our little alice Cobweb corners, pre-paid mourners, you are now back in the palace Forgive me nothing, I meant it all And I was, laughing the closer you crawled You're coming closer, the warmth of your skin I'm taking my time, wanna watch it begin To puncture the skin, to puncture your soul To puncture the dream because reality's cold I'll blacken the night and black out the sun We'll blacken the world and then we'll see what's begun Punctured I told you that I was lying again and you believed it You believed you could win And you believed it you believed you could win Well I punctured the skin, I punctured the soul I punctured the dream because I'm in control I'll blacken the night, I'll blacken the sun We'll blacken the world And then we'll see what's begun I'll take my time and break your mind Your forehead pressed into the ground I'll watch you kneel, I'll hear you squeal You're lost and never found I punctured the skin, I punctured the soul I punctured the dream because I'm out of control I'll blacken the night and black out the sun I'll blacken the world and then we'll see what's begun Blacken the world & then we'll see just what's begun Can u touch it Can u hold it Can u love it Can u need it Can u use it Can u taste it Can u screw it Can u waste it Black Widow Can u caress it Can u crave it Can u kiss it Can u save it Can u use it Can u break it Can u destroy it Can u rape it Black Widow Can u eat it Can you suck it Can u bleed it Can u fuck it Can u torture it Can u make it quit Can u set it free Thank god it'll never be me Black Widow Is this what you wanted, what you killed yourself to be And this is where you are now, what you didn't want to see Crawling from the rubble of the lives you pushed aside You didn't take the trouble to have them crucified It's wanting, it's needing It's strength is fuckin breathing Good god there's nothing I can do It's time to start feeding, can even taste the bleeding Good god there's nothing left to do Never close my eyes except to fall asleep Stumbling through lies piled six feet deep Steal a ticket and get on the ride again You never will give up and you will never give in Never close my eyes except to fall asleep Stumbling through lies piled six feet deep Faster and faster, the carousel drives Slicing to the bone, like razor sharp knives Abuse me, confuse me I'm beggin for a kind of release Adultery and the misery They're not the kind of things you can police Sinking to an all-time low I'm drowning with a smack in the face A torture with a slow decay The devil's wearing leather and lace Why did all the lovin turn to anger How did everything just fade away Get off of your ass It's time to get some fuckin class Well everybody fucks up But enough's enough Depression, the obsession I'm trying not to get out of bed Bullet proof, the invincible Can someone tell me whether I'm dead I'm like a zombie, like a vegetable Just withering away in the ground I took a deep screw from a thin wrench Pain queen you look good in your crown Charging, like a battering ram Nobody's ever gettin in my way I'll do you like a beast from hell And then we'll see what you say Well you can rip me, you can tear me So go ahead and say what you must Cause you're a liar, you're a bad child Farewell and you can live in my dust Across the room, see your eyes watching me, charming lies Watch you squirm, see the need, it's time to go, time to leave I dare you to come any closer, I dare you to cross this line And I dare you to be different, and I dare you to try I dare you to get any closer, I dare you to break this line And I dare you to be different, I double dare you to try In my room, all alone, far from help, close to home Lying there, kill the light In the dark, realize I dare you to come any closer, I dare you to cross this line And I dare you to be different, I double dare you to try No one can see you, no one will know I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna blow Come join the madness, come join the fool Enter my dungeon, slip in the pool What is it like to be usual and how does it feel to be the only one I try to pick the pieces up from my life But no one will ever take them away No one can take them away No one will ever take them away, no one Burning skin, flesh is hot Slowly fades, who was caught Double dare, will you come, will I stay, are you the one I dare you to come closer, I dare you to cross this line And I dare you to be different, I dare you to try I dare you to get closer, I dare you to cross this line And I dare you to be different, I double dare you to try I dare you to get closer, I dare you to cross my line I dare you to be different, come on and give it a try I double dare you to try Blasting and ripping it apart Intense pain numbing to a pinch Tearing the fabric of the soul Killing is inch by inch Listen to the words of the sick fuck C'mon and drop to the knees You want compliance, you want control Devastation done with ease Sonic homicide a torture That's burning through the ears Sonic homicide beware the killing is for real Stone cold, a victim of the freeze Ice pic stabbing through the heart Airwaves, as deadly as can be The damage has been done right from the start Slipping into madness, can't deny the blame Can't make out reality, can't deny the shame Years and years of torment, life just hanging on It's time to change the coarse, time to see the dawn Call up the power, and bring on the faith Bring on the demons, this match is made I'll face the anger and I'll raise my head To fight this beast and wake the dead Stone cold, a victim of the freeze Ice pic stabbing through the heart Airwaves, as deadly as can be The damage has been done right from the start  welcome to darkness the future is here destruction and pain are my friends explosions and fires that rip through the night surrounded by bodies of death burning, crying, helpless burning, dying, in the dark burning, crying, helpless fire in the sky watching and praying and waiting to die fire in the sky no hope for tommorow, denied smoldering ashes and flames rise again nothing to breathe from this life flesh is beginning to pour in the streets death is my saviour tonight final solution of means to and end a product of science and man no way to take back, just what have we done fire in the sky rules the land creeping through the system spreading like a disease a cancer-like affliction to bring us down to our knees created for the masses systematic crash and burn to pillage and to plunder this cyber-hungry world circulate, devastate, re-create the perfect virus entering the main-frame like a rogue, killing, hunting machine weaving its' web of destruction like nothing before ever seen artificial intelligence wiping it all as it learns crucial data corruption the chips are down and they burn i will deploy and terminate i will expand and annihilate you will scramble to vaccinate you will find out that it's too late picking up the pieces in the aftermath of the war a technological genocide the likes never seen before seeking restitution as the world comes crashing down the creator of this trojan horse has vanished, never found help me, i'm shattered again, life is dripping out of me a pounding like never before, it's time to end the agony a whipped dog, programmed to obey, i've got to do this right got to retaliate, find the strength and mount a fight battered, got to fight back you are battered, a vicious attack wing in a fantasy world, it's all but make-believe stalking, never let me go, hunt me down if i try to leave insults add to injury, re-live it again and again the sentence will be bloody and swift, it's time to put this all to an end got to find the strength inside, just one more chance, i'm getting tired i'm not going to take it anymore no more help me, i'm shattered again, i've got to take control no more, the end of the pain, i must re-claim my soul tell me, my life is coming back, am i the chosen one beggining fore mercy, i did what had to be done the devil has a play ground, nothing you can see wickedness disguised for you and me darkness rules the day, the circus comes to town slowly riding in, come to take us down carnival diablos a fire in the field, smoking out the sun minions throw their chains on everyone caught in by the crossfire, sky is turning red adding up his souls as we count our dead creeping, sneaking, he tries to deceive fighting off the devil, got a hold on me he won't let me leave freaks, thieves and jesters, they all know your name calling out for you to play their game caught in by the crossfire, sky is bloody red adding up his souls as we count our dead i've really got some vices, the way you spread your disease all the lying and deceiving, look what your're doing to me i'm down in the gutter i think i'm going insane the next step i'm taking i'll be headed for a shallow grave just forget about the money, cause my addiction is for free you're pulling me in every direction, why can't you see i'm down in the gutter and i'm going insane the next step i'm taking i'll be headed for a shallow grave hight steppin and high rolling c'mon and roll the dice you think you're not coming with me you better think twice so get down in the gutter so get down in the pain the next step we're taking we'll be headed fore a shallow grave condition critical condition grave target invincible target insane built to terminate built to kill to crush its' victims destroy at will a plague of agony of sacrifice bodies, they multiply deadly device creation, time bomb creation red un-holy overkill one billion dead die screaming, bleeding, pleading take me, take me to the top of the world please me, got to pick me up, i'm miserable feeling, like nothing ever felt before dealing, it's got me coming back for more can't stop, you can't stop the rush spreading out and taking all control one taste and your'll need it once in, you never leave it so don't try to stop the rush slow kill, i know i'll never be the same evil, the torture, gonna drive me insane feeding, the ritual begins again breathing, overload of adrenaline tossin, turning in the darkness you try so hard to get to sleep your mind is racing, seems so hard to tell is this the end or is this hell torture in the head, going round and round spinning in the brain as you hit the ground you got a fever but it feels like a freeze i'll bring down, down to your knees a full blown insomniac you're getting ready for the next attack so go on and try to rest your head but you just can't, just can't can't get to bed say goodbye and try to slip away you close your eyes but suddenly you wake war, welcome to war, the garden of war, can you smell war, can you taste hate, no release from hate, psychological hate, can you tolerate hate look at the devastation, fear of annihilation happening right before my eyes now that the end is near, tell me what i'm doing here, looking for answers from the divine flesh, welcome to flesh, the garden of flesh, can you smell flesh, can you taste blood, welcome to blood, the garden of blood, can you taste blood i don't want to kill anymore, i won't kill the sky above is raining red from a hundred thousand dead but the general wants a hundred thousand more move out and take that hill, the order is to maim and kill it's time for us to even up the score as i race into the fire, i have only one desire let me see the light, another day bombs bursting all around, shell-shocked as i hit the ground i struggle to my knees and start to pray can't tell if my brother's breathing, and i just can't stop the bleeding i am my mothers' only son torture, welcome to the torture, the garden of torture, can you smell torture, can you taste pain, no release from pain, psychological pain, can you tolerate pain silent, waiting for the kill, stalking, prey on weak and ill smell the fear in the air ending life without a care i see you, i hear you, i will not stop, i need you i will attack and take you down i am the one who makes your flesh creep and then i'll drink your blood i am the hunter killer got the victim now in sight taken down without a fight tightening the bloody screw there is nothing you can do die out, submission is the rule you cry out, but your time is through die out, i'm gonna hunt you down you cry out, hunt, hunt, hunt you down  Pure speed in thermal overdrive Performance always set to the hilt Ignition, time to ignite The ultimate machine ever built High-octane adreanaline rush Nothing's gonna get in my way Time-bomb, hell-bent for destruction There will be hell to pay Speed and aggression, a deadly obsession Joining together in ultra-motion Born out of fire, they into one We all come together in ultra-motion Burn, electricity Ripping through the air-ways The direction's not an issue It is the energy that I crave Forces un-natural Conquering the speed of light Charging, invincible I am the power and the might Hell racer I gotta go, I got the speed The seeds of my life have been planted Buried deep within My veins are like the deepest roots, My darkest sins All my thoughts are cast in stone, A castle I have built It's walls have just begun to crack, I am full of guilt Over and over the nightmare never ends I have been ripped, I have been torn Over and under, to hell and back again The demon deep inside re-born The time has come for me to conquer everlasting rage To free me from my suffering, Break me from my cage I have seached deep within down in my soul I have found myself, myself, I have found A restitution for my sins This castle I've re-built The walls are now un-shakeable I am free of guilt Take a trip inside To my precious lunatic asylum Welcome, enter the house of hell My precious lunatic asylum You can get anything you need At the the precious lunatic asylum Hang on as we take the ride Into the precious lunatic asylum Prepare to descend Into my precious lunatic asylum The ultimate insanity awaits below In my precious lunatic asylum Look at all the tortured souls In the precious lunatic asylum Here we are so let the fun begin In my precious lunatic asylum Gone, your mind is gone It now belongs to me Your mind is gone I am insanity Waking the fury, the power, the beast You challenge the best in the land I'll show you no mercy, prepare for a fight The ultimate force is at hand Slithering into position, Moving in for the attack Forging ahead with precision, Now there is no turning back Charging ahead with conviction, Let no one dare stand in my way Conquering all opposition, The battle is mine once more Striker Crushing opponents, I'll silence them all With a hunger that's second to none Intimidation is my reputation It's over before it is done I'm your new religion, penetrate your mind Focus on your weakness, victimize your kind You can call me father, And I can ease your pain Giving me your deadly sins and Take my name in vain It's a ritual I can take you higher and We'll soar above the land Trust in me, I am the savious, take my hand Ruler of temptation, I'll satisfy your need Supply you with the poison, The hell on which you feed I'm your new religion, penetrate your mind Focus on your weakness, victimize your kind I can take you higher and We'll soar above the land Trust in me, I am the saviour, take my hand I rule the kingdom of the dead Die, I'll paint the sky a bloody red You, I now command you at my feet Hail unto the one your can't defeat The killing of the soul Losing all control I'll take you and break you Destroy, annihilate you Prime-time killing Excite you, delight you Welcome, I do invite you Prime-time killing I will now release you from your pain Ram, slam the needle in your vein Burn in this narcotic symphony Die, you all shall serve unto me I am the ruler of the street Die until infection is complete You lay there dying all alone Hail unto the one you can't de-throne In the break of the morning, Coming in with no warning, Striking from the high Like the size of a city, Comes this mountain of stone From a different sky There was a torturous vision of a deadly collision, We watched in agony An inconceivable terror, a celestial invader, Innocent casualties Burning fire, screams of pain and fear Piercing higher, hell on earth is here Man-kind is melting, life just drains away Darkness, death, this the blackest day Obliteration, disintegration, It's all turning to dust From the force of the impact, Humanity beginning to rust The world begins to crumble, It's all just a matter of time This is the untimate chaos, This is the end of the line In the break of the morning, Striking from up high This is the ultimate chaos, this is the end You really got me screaming You got a lot of nerve All the using and abusing Taking what you don't deserve So tired of the commotion You think it's all for free I'm just going through the motions But you mean nothing to me You can't slide the shit by me I've seen it all before Just try to push a little harder I'll kick you right out the door I'm getting tired of your emotions You think the ride's for free I'm just going through the motions But you mean nothing to me So you think you can ride my wind And then dis-respect me Well I can understand all the excitement But get a grip on reality I am the war machine marching on your soul Command and conquer, I shall take control There won't be prisoners Survivors of my wrath Infernal devastation. Prepare for the attack Fire power Armed and ready to roll, The target's now in sight Master precision, As you crush with all your might Scream in terror, as I breathe down your neck Run, run the masses but your destiny is set A pure-bred arrogance, Nature takes it's course Onslaught, invasion, un-holy use of force I pleadge allegiance to rule you all World domination is my never-ending call I am the one that has chosen to lead, The power that grows within me A force that has come to inherit the earth My calling A time and a place for sadistic intent, I know for when you will bleed Saving your life is beyond your control, Wait for my eternal greed Shortage of time, you are next, Prepare to die Power grows in my, look to my supremacy Force fed in line, death-row, Prepare to die Cold-blooded murderer, Strengthened by the massacre Destroying the lives of the ones I forsake, Scour the earth as I take Searching to quench, thirst of my soul, It hungers Cauldrons of blood filing up in the rim, Enemies die by my hand Feeding is done, nothing left but the bones, Left to rot and turn to sand Building up the walls of the kingdom Building up the walls of the king Stronger I grow as I suck out your life, Pleading as I watch you kneel Abduction of strength, I am now in command, I rule Cities of flesh lay in my path, Watch as the innocent die My nation is built from The souls of the dead, Born of life to terrify I've really got some vices, the way you spread your disease all the lying and deceiving, look what your're doing to me I'm down in the gutter I think I'm going insane the next step I'm taking I'll be headed for a shallow grave just forget about the money, cause my addiction is for free you're pulling me in every direction, why can't you see I'm down in the gutter and I'm going insane the next step i'm taking I'll be headed for a shallow grave hight steppin and high rolling c'mon and roll the dice you think you're not coming with me you better think twice so get down in the gutter so get down in the pain the next step we're taking we'll be headed fore a shallow grave You really got me screaming you got a lot of nerve All the using and abusing taking what you don't deserve So tired of the commotion you think it is all for free I am just going through the motions but you mean nothing to me You cannot slide the shit by me I have seen it all before Just try to push a little harder I will kick you right out the door I am getting tired of your emotions you think the ride is for free I am just going through the motions but you mean nothing to me So you think you can ride my wind and then disrespect me Well I can understand all the excitement but get a grip on reality So tired of the commotion you think it is all for free I am just going through the motions but you mean nothing to me  All For You You take your orders from the queen of insanity But the contract said it was you and me I sacrificied family, my children and my soul To give you what you wanted, complete control You tried to kill the love and to isolate But then you turn around, like it's not too late You justify your actions, forget what you have done But no more blackmail and no more fun Day in, day out negativity Beat me down with your own family Your bloodline runs in a world of hate Of dirty white lies and to dominate Lonely people just trying to find their way Looking for something, but this is the price I pay You thought I was stupid, you thought I was blind You had me by the balls but your well ran dry You took it all for granted and tried to bring me down But look at what you've done, take a good look around I'm drifting off into nothingness, So terrified of what will be Tomorrow is the day, I can't back out But I'm scared of what will happen to me They say a simple procedure It's supposed to be all so routine But what if the doctor was evil and very, very mean Just call me doctor, just call me pain I'll show you horror that you've never gonna see again Pass me the scalpel, pass me the knife You don't need no medicine cause I'm gonna take your life Please wake me out of this nightmare, I've got to get out of this dream A victim of the Dr. Psycho, Like nothing that you've ever seen As I begin to cut you, screaming out in fear There's no one to help you, no one's gonna hear This ancient operation, extracting part of the brain There's no way to turn it back You're never gonna be the same Thought I'd be in a cosmetic bliss Now I smell the stench of my own piss All I wanted was to look real good Just one more chance, I'll leave it like I should I am the doctor and I'll kill your pain This is my specialty, extracting part of the brain I've had it with confession, I've had it with the priest I'm tired of all the doctor's and I want to be deceased I can't control the madness and I don't wanna face the day No artificial numbness, the pain is here to stay Can you understand what it is like to be me Climb the highest mountain and then sink in the sea Won't you come and take a look, I give you the chance Wrap your arms around me and we'll do the demon dance A steady black, it multiplies, attacking sanity A psychological battering, a relentless enemy Things are getting brighter and the color's turning red I'm swallowing this nightmare, the demon shall be fed I can't hold on much longer There must be another way Give me something stronger Or take my breath away A deep depressive episode, you know not when it strikes Is this the one to be all, end all, is the end of the fight You are the one but so far away To be with you, there's no other way You kiss and you touch so perfectly I need to hold you close to me I want you and I need you, like no one else before Right here and right now, I can't take this anymore I wanna be yours forever, a king for a queen But not in a story, not in a dream I try to put myself to sleep but I miss the one I love I miss the one I love I think I got myself in deep with an angel from above You're the one I love I wanna be yours forever, a king for a queen But not in a story, not in a dream I try to put myself to sleep but I miss the one I love I miss the one I love I think I got myself in deep with an angel from above, with an angel from above You're the one I love You're the one I love You're the one I love Stop your screaming, get out of my way Your lips are moving they got nothing to say Always steaming but you're cold to the bone So negative, just leave me alone No more crying, no more dying No more bleeding me No more screaming, no deceiving No more bleeding me You smell the bleeding, moving in for the kill The way you treat me, you make me ill Push me to the maximum, do it again and again But I won't let you suck me in Look at your mother, your father too Same damn same shit that you put me through But I'm stronger and I got the balls I ain't sticking around for it all Something's coming over me tonight It's time to take this wrong and make it right No time to lose before I die This is my very last good bye You say you loved me, you say that you cared But what you need is a billionaire You sat on your ass and now you wonder why You need some money but you bled me dry We lie awake and try to reason why These people treat us so unkind Just wanna taste the freedom one more time Just wanna leave it all behind We sneak down the hallway, it's time for us to go It's time for them to let us be So close to heaven, I can almost see the light A few more steps and we'll be free Leave it all behind Breaking out in silence As we crawl beneath the gate Run, run so much fun Doesn't it feel great Over the wall, the great escape We pledge you this and vow That you'll never, ever catch us You'll never get us now Breathing hard, we got to get away Never going back to yesterday Run and hide from the enemy But you can't stop the both of me Racing through the darkness Ad we slice into the night There's no one here to challenge us Our freedom's now in sight But something moves around us They've seen through our disguise Flashing lights surround us They begin to multiply Siren's wall, they're right behind us But I know what to do It's time for us to say good bye Time to split in two Returning there is not an option We've never going back You cage us like an animal Prepare for the attack I'm felling anger, I feel rage You see it coming from a mile away Built up inside, I lose control My blood boils, I can't take it anymore Do what I want, do what I say It's you that makes me act this way You are my reason to un load And I am ready to explode Someone tell me why I'm feeling Like I want to give a beating Rage absolute I got rage This fury, it starts to biuld An eruption set to blow The explosion and the aftermath Never happened, you know So irritating and so frustrating I hate everything that you do But you can't leave me, you can't deceive me Or I'll run you It's in my blood, is what you say, they're all like me Perfectly acceptable to rage in the family You keep my secret, until you die They won't believe you, I will deny So run away and tell someone Cause I will finish you and you'll be done You made me do it, you brought me to it That's all I have to say Forget about it, it's all your fault And wipe those tears away It's getting harder to make it on my own This empty felling, I feel so all alone But from the darkness, the reason I am here You try to help me wipe away a tear And you ask me why I'm crying, you ask me why I'm sad So I tell you that there's nothing wrong, don't need to understand I'm holding on for you I'm really sorry for what you've been put through I try the best I can, it's all that I can do But I know you must be frightened, I know you must be scared But I promise to protect you, I promise to be there It's getting harder to make it on my own This empty feeling can feel so all alone But I know things will get better and I know they'll be alright And as long as we're together, I know we'll be alright I am drifting off to somewhere Anywhere sounds good to me But as I fade into darkness Something's happening to me Slipping, failing, demon's calling Spiders crawling, dogs are mauling Walls are closing, tumor growing Reaper's sewing, blood is flowing Wake up screaming As I lay my head back down Soaked and shaking, trembling Please just let me slip into a Good night's rest Vision failing, broken railing Tumbling off the wall you're scaling Skin is peeling, body stealing Total loss of any feeling Guilty pleasure, daedly weather Terrified to be together Snakes are hissing, kid went missing Crying out but no one's listening  Have you heard the story Have you heard the news They say he's coming, you better choose Visual horror on the tv screen Nothing but madness ever seen I am the beast, evil I will install I shall ignite the fire Burn you all Enter my blackened kingdom You'll serve me well Turn it up, maximum satan Going straight to hell Politicians stealing, dissapearing kids Bribes and blackmail, for winning the bids Crimes of passion and crimes of hate Buy the new drug, before it's too late I'll make you believe That the world is like tv I will supply you With only negativity I am not real I'm just imagination I feed on your fear Of human devastation One by one I'll take you down Down Natural disaster, you better fear The end is coming, the end is here Drive, I'm gonna do what I want And I don't care about the rest And if I fall, I will get up I will deliver my best This can be a lonely road But it's what I choose The pain and the sacrifice I've nothing to lose I'm alright, I'm okay I'll survive another day I'm alright, go away Can't you hear the words I say Nothing but madness, no one to talk to Feeling like you're all alone Fearing the failure and bearing the weight Dealing with it all on your own You tell me I can't, but I'm not listening It doesn't matter what you say Try, if you want to, change my destiny I'll get there someday Sometimes I think I'm going under Don't know if I can take no more But then I turn the fear to hunger I'll turn this battle into war Faster, I'm gaining momentum I'm getting closer to my goal Nothing can stop me or get in my way I'm in complete control Failure, no longer an option Past the point of no return Nothing comes easy and nothing is free Succes, you earn War, the name of the game Take you down to the wire There's gonna be hell to pay Gonna set you world on fire Bombs, blowing it up The order, annihilation This is the way we'll fuck you up Welcome to your devastation Fly with the warbird Die by the warbird Fire, give it all you got We're gonna make the fuckers burn Raining death from high above Way past the point of no return Rush, unleash the power You'll never see the coming attack At three thousand miles an hour You'll never feel the god-damned impact Perish in a fiery hell No turning back You'll never live, no story to tell Get ready, second attack Boom, they begin to strike The ultimate supremacy Never before have seen the like It's the ultimate insanity Come and play in a world where death is fun Violence, sex and murder are at your finger-tips The latest game, there's people choppin off heads Gangs and drugs and murdering the feds Robot nation, our creation, teacher's on the screen Showing little children things that never should be seen People watching, no one's talking, rotting out the brain Hypnotize, mesmorize, just enough to drive you/us insane Plasma zombie Can't wait to get out of school and play I don't give a damn if I'm behind Hour upon hour, as I slay the fucking demons Fantasy, reality combine Cry out, critical condition Scream, shout Rise up, don't need this horror-vision Scream, out No more going out to play Friends are gone, been put away I cannot sleep, can no longer feel I have no emotion, don't know what is real Television's turning out to be the enemy 24 hour negativity I don't have time for you, just turn the box on Breaking news, live, the fall of society Welcome to my panic and I'm sure you know the fool Where everything comes crashing down and madness is the rule Your mind is set to overload with doomsday information I see you've come here just in time to join the celebration Don't fight it, invite it Voices in my head Just try it, entice it Telling me I'm dead Don't fight it, invite it Playing with my brain Just try it, entice it Driving me insane Starting with that warm rush Slicing down the spine They tell me that it's not for real It happens all the time But something different's happening And I think this is the one I gotta get me outta here I gotta turn and run Facing the shock and the terror alone A time bomb just waiting to blow You cannot escape and there's nowhere to hide You're fleeing with no place to go Feeling like nothing an save me, a feeling I know all too well Imprisonned by paranoid madness, condemned to a life spent in hell Everything is spinning round, this torture of the soul My heart is racing, can't stop shaking, I got to get control Terrified, don't wanna die, hysteria sets in But when you learn just to invite it, panic never wins Born into the violence The cycle begins again Bred to carry on A lesson that never ends Spoon-fed propaganda To the children of the damned Spreading it like a disease Spreading across the land Hate, intimidate, fear A violent education Hate, intimidate, fear A hopless generation Like father, like gun Marching in the streets Preparing another attack Incendiary devices Strapped to the back Justifying their actions All in the name of a god But what kind of religion Condones a killing squad No more sorrow, no more pain Let these children live again Born into the violence To the children of the damned Bred to carry on Spreading across the land The adrenaline that you get From the pain that you inflict Does it make you the man Does it make you the shit The feeling that I get Is like the pain that's in my neck When you're treating me like I'm a child And you're talking to me like I'm a pet I don't want you, I don't need you Wasting all my time I don't want you, I don't need you Messing with my pride Unnecessary actions To make you feel like a man I'll never have all the answers I'll never meet your demands What exactly is it that you want I've given all that I can Was it part of your headtrip Was it all in the plans I can feel it in your eyes All the weakness I despise I can see past all your lies You're the devil in disguise The feeling that I get Is like the pain that's in my neck Does it make you the man Does it make you the shit Come on and break me down So you can build yourself up higher Add more to the flames Add more to the fire Try it if you must, to change my destiny Can't you see that this is part of me The pressure's building, I can't take the load The more you push me, the more I explode Never gonna break you Never gonna shake you From the path you're on Cause you're too far gone A test of will and a test of might The target's set, my goal in sight Hell-bent, I got a one-track mind Get in my way, I'll leave you all behind Hell-bent, I got a one-track mind I'll do what I want cause this is my time They're gonna try to break you They're gonna try to shake you From the path you're on Cause you're too far gone They'll always try to break you They'll always gonna shake you Time keeps on ticking away Another day in disease I'm looking for someone special Crawling on my hands and my knees Somebody turn the lights on I can't breathe the air Won't someone help me find my Little Clare I want you to see me when the lights go down I wish I could be me when the lights go down I'm running out of time, I'd do anything at all I want you to see me when the lights go down I can't stop thinking of you Always on my mind I see you in the shadows All the time You never talk to me And you're never there I'm getting tired of all this And you don't even care Twisting and turning My body is burning Their position runs deep down inside No one will listen They make the incision Now something inside me has died Come take Alice now Look at Alice now I wrap my arms around you Protect you from the night I'll save you from this madness Make everything alright Get back, don't come any closer I'll crush you with all of my might White men with a needle, a cocktail A schizo delight Why can't you see what I am going through Why are you screaming at me What are you talking about I can't hear you and I can't understand when you shout Why can't you see what you have put me through Why are you screaming at me What are you talking about I can't hear you and I can't understand when you shout There's something witchy about you What it is, I can't explain Maybe it's your blackened eyes Or maybe you're insane I cannot take you mood swings anymore You're so abusive You make me miserable Throwing things and now it's time getting physical I've had enough I'm heading for the door You're so abusive You make me miserable Throwing things and now it's time getting physical Gone, gone, gone So sick and tired Gone, gone, gone This ain't a home Gone, gone, gone Just one desire Gone, gone, gone Leave me alone I can't believe that I was gonna stay Get some help You're really gonna need it So good luck, I really do mean it So glad I moved a million miles away Get some help You're really gonna need it So good luck, I really do mean it  One by one, the fools suck you in Like many others before No guilty conscience, just another sin They're truly rotten to the core Contracts with criminal intent Spelling out the things they're gonna do Liars, taking back their word Draining the life right out of you Over and over, they do it again A network of thieves try to bring you an end Never believe any promises made Look at the crooks, they're the clowns on parade Paid for the service Signed the dotted line But then get nothing in return Result, I'm sinking and running out of time Response, it's none of my concern When you're exposed The first reaction, defend it with another lie Attempted character assassination You cannot kill me but you try Payback is mine You tried to make a mockery It's payback time A failed attempt to bring an end to me Two-faced, these sad little people, enjoy the spotlight while you can Disrespecting, those who you deceive, you're just a flash in the pan Evil, to take you for a ride, then try to damage all you've got Pure scum and headed for a fall, karma will catch up and then you'll rot We can make it something But both know that there's nothing It's like couple suicide, it's not going right We ain't got no feelings, so why don't we stop dreaming Shake it up a little bit to sleep a little better at night We had to take two steps back, just to make it something Get back the thing that lacked, the fact it's never gonna work out We had to take two steps back just to make it something Get back the thing that lacked, the fact it's never gonna work out And I know you know it too And we can make it something But both know that there's nothing It's like couple suicide, it's not going right We ain't got no feelings, so why don't we stop dreaming Shake it up a little bit to sleep a little better at night We had to take two steps back, just to make it something Get back the thing that lacked, the fact it's never gonna work out We had to take two steps back just to make it something Get back the thing that lacked, the fact it's never gonna work out And I know that you know too You know I know you do Now what we gonna do about it What we gonna do When you said goodbye you can't say I didn't try To make it all better Something had a hold on me and I couldn't see But now I can and now I know I'm free We had to take two steps back, just to make it something Get back the thing that lacked, the fact it's never gonna work out We had to take two steps back, just to make it something Get back the thing that lacked, the fact it's never gonna work out We had to take two steps back, just to make it something Get back the thing that lacked, the fact it's never gonna work out You know I know you do And the only way to end this thing Is if we drive it six feet underground Just one big family Been around since the nineteen eighties Old school, we are living in the past They said it would never last A few dozen of the strong survived On a mission, to keep it alive Hell bent, ignoring the trend While many pretend We stand united for something we believe in We are the army of one It is in our blood, this is our life It is why we are breathing We are the army of one Anthrax and Motorhead Exodus, Slayer, bang your head Dedication when the going got tough Was never enough Priest, Metallica, Megadeth Iron Maiden and Black Sabbath They tried to kill it Force it underground You cannot take it down Volume blasting Drums are crashing The guitar is screaming Never give it up, never giving up Right to the end Sacrificing, no compromising Is what we are bringing Never give it up, never giving up Fight to the end A reign, invincible Sitting right at the top A domination Something you just can't stop Face the opponent Take em down one by one Take no prisoners Game over before it's won Downright dominate Downright dominate Must annihilate Downright dominate Feel the rush The adrenaline kicking in Resolution A fight to the death, begin Breathing power Gotta unleash the beast It's time to devour And you are the feast Forcing the action, bring on the attack Everything now in position Showing no mercy, treasure the moment Beating you into submission Resistance is futile, dealing the pain Over and over again Fall to your knees, you can beg if you please Now you are facing the end Beaten, conquered Never the end in doubt Defend the crown The king has cast you out I can't tell, I think I might be going crazy Just wanna leave it all behind Been on the brink for many years, I'm thinking Feels like I'm running out of time I'm getting sick and tired, giving everything I've got, I get nothing in return I can't breathe This never-ending madness, Raining down on me like a ton of bricks, Face in the dirt Childish delusions, they say it's just a fantasy You're no good, no chance, you'll never learn Just give it up and come back to reality Your dreams are none of my concern I'm getting sick and tired, giving everything I've got, I get nothing in return I can't breathe This never-ending madness, Raining down on me like a ton of bricks, Face in the dirt What do you think you doing in your life? You should be ashamed of yourself I don't know why you just don't give up You got those ideas, these dreams but know what? You're nothing but a loser No wonder you get no respect You're not smart enough You don't speak the right language Your skin is not the right color You're too tall, you weight too much, you're too short You're too fat Why you don't give up this stupid ideas and do something right for once? Lined up, one by one They try to bring you down Don't ever listen what they say Determination, the battle will be won And all the pain will go away I'm getting sick and tired, giving everything I've got, I get nothing in return I can't breathe This never-ending madness, Raining down on me like a ton of bricks, Face in the dirt You tried so hard to break me To make me bend But I have stood the test of time Well I've had a taste of glory And I've seen the hell below It's time for me to take what's mine Target acquired We open fire This operation Annihilation So many come and go They're changing like the wind A product from a factory Well I've only got one mission And I will stand my ground Something called integrity This is a retribution This is my revenge This is a resolution Committed 'til the end I stand here in my silence Content, my soul at rest This is what I do it for But to the leeches The liars and the thieves Just know I always win the war Locked away, sentence insanity Living out this hell from year to year So many voices down the hallway Screaming out in paralyzing fear Tell me why I suffer Tell me why I'm here I am haunted Demons in the darkness Just make em disappear I am haunted White coats surround me, they inject anxiety Nothing but a memory Bright lights above, so fascinating Is that a scalpel coming for me I am the light, I am the way Just reach out and touch me Come take my hand, you'll understand You know you can trust me Come back to me, come back to me Just follow the bright white light I feel no pain, but it's not the same Something is just not right Waking up, what the hell have you done to me Blackened figures roam about the room I cannot breathe, I'm sliding underground They've buried me in my own tomb Kicked, dropping to the knees Face-first into the dirt Betrayed, a stab in the back Everything is now on alert Wounded, sense the blood Like a jackal moving in for the kill Stealing is nothing to you It's just a part of the drill Beware the Judas He'll drag you down A deal with the devil Can put you underground Target, preying on the weak Taking and abusing the trust Ruthless and morally bankrupt Your word is left in the dust Liar, nothing but a thief Sell them everything that you got A master of friendly deceit No one's gonna care when you rot If you leave, I'll take it all away No one's gonna believe a word you say Just another promise broken No exception to your rule I'm sick and tired of being taken And played for the fool Stronger than ever before Now you are the one in the dirt Sentenced, incarcerated Paying for the pain and the hurt Breaking, you're falling to pieces Ripping at the seams Victims, we're coming to haunt you In your dreams Another day, the same old story There's nothing left to do Watching life go by without me I sit here in my room All alone I pray for something To get me out of here I talked to God, I talked to Jesus They told me what to fear I've got this burning feeling Building up inside There ain't no way to stop in overdrive Detonation I'm going to set this place on fire It's time to lose control I'm going to be alive for once And satisfy my soul I'm okay, give me a chance to breathe Just give me a chance to breathe The world's insane Look what you're doing to me Just look what you've done to me Waking up to face another nightmare day Blood drips from the mouth, my teeth decay Deep depression is coming on fast Got to get me my crystal breakfast High, chasing the high Die, chasing the high High anxiety, panic setting in Will do anything to get the sin Sunlight burning my eyes gotta fill the need Methamphetamine, it's time to feed Dying to feast The monster is fed Call for the priest One more is dead The chemical injection, rushing through the vein Speeding up the system and burning up the brain Powered and invincible, the pain is at an end High above, so beautiful, the demon rides again Cycle starting over but it's too late Try it just one time, it seals your fate Deadly consequences, you can't go back Life is gone, a heart attack Hey little honey come along with me wont you take a free ride I'm living in the lust of the power of love want you by my side Going to make you sweat, going to make you burn heavy metal thunder is rising fast You got to take your turn break the chains I am coming out, I am moving fast Looking for a hot time here tonight got to make it last Going to wreck the town, going to make you burn Come little honey for the time it takes got to make you learn Heavy metal maniac I am a heavy metal maniac stand back heavy metal maniac Charging like thunder for your love got to make you hot Looking for a hot time here tonight show me what you have got Going to break the chains, going to break away Heavy metal thunder is rising fast got to make you stay Break the wall I am coming out got to kill tonight Better stay back I am a maniac looking for a fight Going to track you down you are shot to hell Come on little honey for the time it takes got to make you tell Heavy metal maniac I am a heavy metal maniac stand back heavy metal maniac  Dress the part, plagiarize but you can't fake, you can't disguise flash in the pan, make believe sold your soul, so damn naive Stealing from a generation how do you sleep at night? disgrace the institution just a parasite En Vogue, Pretend, Follow The Trend Try your best, impersonate play your part, masquerade fool the young, play them well counterfeit shit, is what you sell En Vogue, Pretend, Follow (Jump On) The Trend (Hey man I think they're having a sale down at Hot Topic let's go!) We bring it back, is what they say true to the core, so what were you yesterday? false pretense, coporate lie ride your wave, and watch it die Listen up you bastard, I'm on to your game This is the last time that I will speak your name You always put yourself first, and thought of nobody else She always gave you everything, got nothing for herself Prey on the weakness, taking all you can get Prey on the weakness, I will never forget There is no way that you can hide I will not be denied I will deliver pain When our two worlds collide Did you think for a second, that I got nothing to say You better sit your ass down, so I can ruin your day You've cheated for the last time, and now it's come to a halt Repent for your transgressions, and admit it's all your fault Coward, blind man, look at me when I'm talking to you Coward, blind man, can't you see, your time is through Listen up you bastard, we're on to your game Before the day is over, you will remember my name She don't need your bullshit, and we don't need your lies She's better off without you, we see through your disguise Mission, to hunt the evil down Creeping in without a sound Prepare for silent attack There will be no turning back Penetrate, Isolate, Decimate, Ambush Silent supremacy Stalking picking up the trail Never retreat and never fail Got the target move in for the kill Take him out fire at will Campaign over, battle won Supremacy second to none Vanished, gone without a trace Assassins for the human race Set up, sole intention only to use When you want out, threaten abuse The perfect family, but it's all for show False accusation, The lowest of the low Betrayed. Like A Rat Just feed them drink drugs and anything they want The perfect mother, it all comes back to haunt Dad's just a liar, scheming from the start Watch your twisted world as it falls apart Liar! To make them something, to relieve your guilt Would you stop at nothing and would you even kill? your only dynasty is, lies and scum All you've done is taught them, evil they become No one to help me, I can't explain No one to make a translation Where do I go, What do I do So tired and full of frustration 25 Seconds to Die (You gave him) 25 Seconds to Die Where is my mother, I cannot see I break this table and chair Whipped into frenzy, I cannot think Why doesn't anyone care No one took the time to evaluate No physical force, no pepper spray Four on one with a tazer gun Fifty thousand volts deliver pain Convulsing, but shot again Excessive force has been applied No pulse, the heart has stopped No attempt to revive The fault of police, security The YVR and immigration The airline, travel agency A disgrace to the nation A teenage throw-away Sleeping on the street Addiction paradise You cannot defeat Each day a nightmare Surviving, only hope Gotta get some food to eat Gotta get the dope No one to help me They don't wanna know There's nowhere to run to Nowhere to go No protection from the heat And no protection from the rain No asylum from the freeze Just need to kill the pain Hiding from the bad kind, The abuse and the rape Given up and almost dead, Taken all you can take These are forgotten children, without a choice Slaves to a broken system, without a voice It's time for sanctuary, give them a chance finance a place for them to end this dance I thought I had it all, living the dream The perfect union, or so it seemed Eternal commitment, sealed with a kiss But you said you loved me, with an open fist The anger the rage, locked (trapped) in this cage It happens again and again The violence and force, denial of course The time (cycle) has come for an end Other Side So Fucking Tired So fucking tired you being told what to do Don't need your blackmail, and I don't need you Blood dripping from the head, hit with the phone Again the sirens wail, and you call this home? The Other Side Condition critical, you turn and run (Run!) to another victim, continue what you've done Violence is justified, in your twisted head Someday someone will end up dead Power, The meaning of control Start the war, to purify your soul To purify Your sense of purpose, your self control To nullify your sense of reason Your destiny to sacrifice, reborn to the skies Separate the Mind Now it's time Time to die Lead the way, with death in your eyes Seize the day, they'll suffer for their lies Suffer For their deception, they justify For sacrificing countless innocents Divinity within your sights, just do what your told Fuck the war, the politics of hate Murderers all blinded by their fate Blinded By grand illusions, by their belief That death would make them saints and martyrs Your leaders' safe, at home in their beds Convicted, a brutal act of sin The sentence did not fit the crime Outrage, screaming bloody murder Released, done the time Hey You! Remember Me? I am the last thing you'll ever see Payback, I'll make you suffer In their name, I shall avenge Hunted, just like an animal The innocent shall have their revenge Payment due Payment is you Payment is due The payment you! Cowardly acts of violence, the ultimate betrayal An eye for an eye, true justice will prevail Squeal, how does it feel to you Like a pig, down upon your knees Scream, as I squeeze your life out And rid the world of your disease I told her "Never in hell, no special reason" Musta lied 'cause I ain't leavin' We're in for a very long night Heard a vicious rumor from your mama's tongue You a desperate woman, need a man with a gun High crime zone, in the city o' lights Baby please, can't take it anymore Ah! Baby please, can't take it anymore I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight And I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh! I hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight Baby, don't get uptight Baby please Wanna see my ID? Try to clip my wings Don't have to show you proof o' anything I know the law, friend At the 'leventh hour I'm goin' back outside Ooh, give it a try. I'm your last loose end Baby please, I can't take it anymore Oh, baby please, I can't take it anymore I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Uh! Uh! Hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight Baby, don't get uptight Baby please Yeah! Wow! Oh, baby Oh, baby Oh, baby Uh feel my heartbeat Feel my heartbeat Feel my heartbeat Oh, yeah Feel my heartbeat Feel my heartbeat (Ah) Feel my heartbeat Feel my heartbeat Feel my heartbeat Baby please, I can't take it anymore. Oh! Yeah, baby please, (Ah-ha!) I can't uh take it anymore (Wow!) Baby please, can't take it anymore Whoa baby please, (Yeah) I can't take it anymore. Whoa! I'm takin' whiskey to the party tonight An' I'm lookin' for somebody to squeeze. Uh! Oh! Ow! Hear you're lookin' for somebody to fight Baby, don't get uptight Baby please, yeah! Baby please  We face our extinction day after day Oblivious to what we'll become Persist to exist in our pathetic ways Nothing to show when it's done We take what they give Complacency the masses content to consume The idiots outbreeding twenty to one Ensuring our future is doomed We had it all and we pissed it away Ignoring the signs in our face Fucking and fighting and drinking all day Intelligence left in disgrace Deadlocked - Idiocracy - Deadlocked Deadlocked - Hypocrisy - Deadlocked Standing in line for the latest release An upgrade to shit we don't need A fistful of cash and a smile on your face A wallet just dying to bleed Take all your money and throw it away Flush all your work down the drain Lambs to the slaughter with nothing to say You see now your life was in vain The hits start coming and they don't stop coming One slip further and you won't stop running Best get comfy in the hole we're digging The graveyard's running out of room We face our extinction day after day The masses content to consume The fat on the land is all wasting away The future of life here is doomed We had it all and we pissed it away Ignored all the signs in our face Lambs to the slaughter with nothing to say Condemning the fate of our race Turned on the television What did I see? A selfish evil psychopath Blackened eyes looking at me On trial fight for your life One big waste of time A shot to the head sliced throat A stab in the back the crime Testified, crucified There is no way out Suicide, suicide There is no way out for you Lies lies manipulation Too many stories to keep But this time it's bit you in the ass You're in too deep Arrogant, self-loving bitch The center of the world Into the pits of hell girl Testified, crucified There is no way out Suicide, suicide There is no way out for you Blacken the name of your victim And drag his name through the mud No regret for your actions (no regret) And no remorse for the blood (blood) So tragic we wonder why You sentenced a man to die (die) Pre-meditation You tried to cover your tracks Without hesitation Clean up the scene of attack Convenient memory loss Acting like this is fun Can't seem to remember What the hell have you done Testified, crucified There is no way out Suicide, suicide There is no way out ...for you (For you) Cut me down / To make me bleed Underground / To fill your need Propaganda / Your personal war Your evil slander / Hard to ignore Preach your hatred fill the world with lies Feels so good for you to victimize Fantasize / You're a shooting star Hide away / Like the coward you are Defamation / A smear campaign Restitution / Never blacken my name Preach your hatred fill the world with lies Feels so good for you to victimize Try your best to break me can't you see You will never suck the life from me Demonize jeopardize Spreading your disease So glad you've had your fun Making up your stories spewing them with ease But now your time is done Can't look in my eyes You won't apologise Judge you should not But now I hope you rot Sad, weak and insecure Your life is just a fail Bitterness and jealousy Fabricate now too late, The coffin and the nail It's time for remedy Can't look in my eyes You won't apologise Judge you should not But now I hope you rot Words can kill (kill) / Never thought about that Confrontation / You run, run like a rat Man up / It's time to testify Stand up / It's time to say goodbye Preach your hatred fill the world with lies Feels so good for you to victimize Try your best to break me can't you see You will never suck the life from me Can't resist / Can't put me down Head is spinning / Round and round Feeling heaven / Feels so good I know you want me / I knew you would I will take control I will bleed your soul Now it's time to feed I am what you need There will be no surrender No second chance for you My name you will remember There's nothing you can do Waking up / To another day Head is screaming / I know the way Come and get me / It's time taste Your addiction / You can't erase I will take control I will bleed your soul Now it's time to feed I am what you need There will be no surrender No second chance for you My name you will remember There's nothing you can do Got to get it I need some more I got to get it gimme some more Got to get it I need some more I got to get it loss of control Got to get it gimme some more I got to get it loss of control I don't know what i'm going to do anymore I can't breath I can't eat I just.. I just need some more Somebody try to help me I love you all by the way I can't take this anymore..please Please god help me! Devastated / Such a mess The devil's bait / You must ingest Life is over / You wonder why The only answer / Is never try I will take control I will bleed your soul Now it's time to feed I am what you need There will be no surrender No second chance for you My name you will remember There's nothing you can do I wanna leave you cold in front of all your friends I wanna break your will and leave you an empty shell I'll make that mouth of yours take an early trip to hell There'll be no remorse no regrets from where I stand I wanna drive you off the nearest cliff in town I'll be the only one laughing when you're six feet underground I'll make certain when you fuck up it's for good So when I say stop I'll make damn sure it's understood You got me wrapped around your finger So go ahead and pull it pull that trigger do it Somebody get me outta here Cause I'm dead in the head And I ain't getting out of here alive Baby being with you is like committing suicide You got me wrapped around your finger So go ahead and pull it pull that trigger do it Somebody get me outta here Cause I'm dead in the head And I ain't getting out of here alive Being with you baby is like committing suicide I wanna leave you cold in front of all your friends I wanna break your will and leave you an empty shell I'll make that mouth of yours take an early trip to hell There'll be no remorse no regrets from where I stand I gotta tell you what's on my mind The time that I just spent with you Never felt this good it's never felt so right I hope you feel the same way too But the darkness that you see In your perfect angel eyes And all the pain throughout the years Your smile and that pretty face But I see through your disguise Let me wipe away the tears You're beautiful inside and outside too A new beginning, me and you But the darkness that you see Through your perfect angel eyes And all the pain throughout the years Your smile and that pretty face But I see through your disguise Let me wipe away your tears I hope you can turn to me in your darker days When you're feeling all alone I know a love this strong Just cannot be denied The time has finally come to spread your wings and fly The darkness that you see Through your perfect angel eyes And all the pain throughout the years Your smile and that pretty face But I see through your disguise The dark you see from those perfect angel eyes Just let me take away the fear That smile and your pretty face Like a shining star at night Let me wipe away the tears I've got a little secret my brains on fire I can't stop the taunting voices coming from the devil's own choir (devil's choir) Feels like I'm just pretending that everything is fine Am I the only one with this or is it mine all mine Say is it mine Deep in the dark Thoughts they haunt you Born in the blood They come when they want to Push them aside And try to control them Waiting inside To rule you once again She looks so fuckin good but I could never tell My fantasies imagination would sent me right down to hell (they sent me to hell) Push me as hard as you like but if you only knew I might be at the breaking point and if I am your time is through Yeah, your time is through Deep in the dark Thoughts they haunt you Born in the blood They come when they want to Push them aside And try to control them Waiting inside To rule you once again Screaming for attention am I the only one who sees Twisted illusions reality is my disease Demented frantic visions try to take control This evil passenger it's living deep down in my soul (in the soul) They say it lives in all of us living on the edge Gotta keep it all together now or it will push you off the ledge Will push you off the ledge Deep in the dark Thoughts they haunt you Born in the blood They come when they want to Push them aside And try to control them Waiting inside To rule you once again Waking up again to face the day I can't go on like this I'm in decay Anxiety abound I'm in distress My life is all about stress Gotta fight the world Fight Gonna fight the world The pressure's building up can't take the load I don't know what to do so alone Trapped in darkness with no way out Just feel like screaming shout Gotta fight the world Fight Gonna fight the world Save my soul Blackened hole / Lost control Ashes to ashes dust to dust I'm dying from deep within Panic attack can't hold it back Waiting for it to begin It's easy to give up to lose all hope To use a substance to cope I pick myself up turn this around I'll win this battle you won't take me down Gotta fight the world Fight Gonna fight the world Alone in the darkness alone in the shame The feelings of guilt they haunt me Can't live with the pain Repeating the same old story over and over again I'm trying to find the answers will this ever end Alone in the darkness alone in the shame The feelings of guilt they haunt me Can't live with the pain Repeating the same old story over and over again I'm trying to find the answers will this ever end I try my best to do what's right but it's never good enough Every day is like a fight getting through it's so tough It's like a struggle to survive I win the battle stop the war But I need to stay alive tell me what it's all for One falls two rise I shall survive One falls two rise I shall survive It's fight or flight feels like there's nothing I can do I'm so cold and numb I'm so down and blue Feels like I'm at the breaking point pressure pushing me Is it luck is it fate why have you chosen me One falls two rise I shall survive One falls two rise I shall survive Cold sweat pain in my heart Spinning around and around Picking me up falling apart Kicking me when I am down Cannot go on everything's wrong The end of the road Full of confusion so disillusioned I am about to explode Cold sweat pain in my heart Spinning around and around Picking me up falling apart Kicking me when I am down Cannot go on everything's wrong The end of the road Full of confusion full resolution I am about to explode We all fuck up make mistakes try not to carry the weight Try to learn from the past it's never too late Life is full, adversity on that you can depend If you try to do your best it all works out in the end One falls two rise I shall survive One falls two rise I shall survive  A suicide society We've all gone bloody mad Welcome to the dark side The human race Crumbling before us Ending in disgrace Politicians, corporations A slap on the wrist Spewing toxic chemicals Now mother earth is pissed What have we done? It's only just begun This suicide society is getting out of hand We'll never learn Until we burn A suicide society We're all just fucking mad Give me everything I want Never satisfied Extreme religion Hell-bent on genocide Pesticide Open wide Poisoning the well Radiation Medication We're all just going to hell What have we done? It's only just begun This suicide society is getting out of hand We'll never learn Until we burn A suicide society We've all gone bloody mad Whoa, no respect for what we're given Humanity just wasting away, wasting away Take the blame Feel the shame Play your games Down in flames We're going down in flames Going down We're runnin' out of time But we can't wait any longer What have we done? It's only just begun This suicide society is getting out of hand We'll never learn Until we burn A suicide society We're all just fucking mad What have we done? It's only just begun A suicide society We've all gone bloody mad Are we just gonna sit around and watch it all go away, Decay, Or are we gonna come together and do something about this mess we made? Dedicated to the chosen craft I made the choice there is no going back I never deviated from the goal And I never doubted givin´ up my soul Try to take it down and to offend It will not break and it will never bend What you give you get back in return Cross me fool and you will learn Fight on survival clawing away til the end Fight on survival this is how I get my This is how I get my get my revenge Spitting in your face verbal attack Daggers in the air behind your back Try to stop me if you think you must The mirror looks back at you in disgust Slam it all and drag it through the mud You cannot shut it down it´s in the blood Critics it´s not what you expect But show some goddamn respect Fight on survival clawing away til the end Fight on survival this is how I get revenge Fight on survival clawing away til the end Fight on survival this is how I get my This is how I get my get my revenge Sometimes it gets lonely lonely And sometimes it´s full of pain full of pain But if I could go back in time back in time Would I do it all again yes I would Yeah I don´t give a damn what you say ´cause nothing´s gonna get in my way There´s time to kill and nothin´ left to do Just sit and judge who the fuck are you Fight on survival clawing away til the end Fight on survival this is how I get revenge Fight on survival clawing away til the end Fight on survival this is how I get my This is how I get my get my revenge ooh my revenge Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah this is it yeah so long Save me save me take me take me to another place I don´t wanna see your face anymore oh Aah ss you try hard to annoy me to creep under my skin Slowly destroyin´ the end of me it begins Something´s building up inside a rage I´ve never known God help me please help me I´m losin´ control yeah Save me take me to another place Don´t wanna see your face anymore no ooh I just want you to go away Hate shame and degrade me I gotta get you out of my head The abuse that you give me I think I´d rather be dead yeah uh Something´s building up inside a hope you´ll never know God help me please help me I´m losin´ control yeah Save me take me to another place Don´t wanna see your face anymore no Save me take me to another place I don´t wanna see your face anymore no Snap it´s time to end the nightmare and put you behind Save me take me to another place Don´t wanna see your face anymore no Save me save me take me take me to another place I don´t wanna see your face anymore no oh snap Freak show Welcome to this haunted house of horror Nightmares to begin, just around the corner Victim, target, I slip inside your mind You'll never see me creeping up behind Over and over the same song and dance Trying to not fall asleep Somebody help me, it's creeping again And it wants to feed Hiding in shadows, moving around in the dark Waiting like an animal to rip you apart Panic, try to escape, run, run, open the door The sandman awaits scream as you hit the floor Over and over the same song and dance Trying to not fall asleep Somebody help me, it's creeping again And it wants to feed Parasomnia, am I dreaming? Parasomnia, wake up screaming Parasomnia, deadly dreaming Parasomnia, I wake up screaming That's right Demon, incubus Underneath the bed You better get up now or you'll be dead Awake, open your eyes And tell me what you see Let me introduce myself, insanity Over and over the same song and dance Trying to not fall asleep Somebody help me, it's creeping again And it wants to feed Over and over the same song and dance Trying to not fall asleep Somebody help me, it's creeping again And it's time to feed Yeah ooh wakin´ up to another day my one track mind I´ve got to have it I gotta feed where will I find Medication I need sedation somethin´ for the pain I gotta get me what I want or I´ll go inside Fight for survival death on arrival huh I tried to quit nut I know it´s wrong and it´s killin´ me Oh maybe next week I´ll give it a try We´ll just wait and see in that one My heart is racin´ I can´t stop pacin´ but I know what to do Just take a walk down the block narcotic avenue Fight for survival death on arrival Fight for survival death on arrival Feel the rush inside your veins No concern of what remains You cannot stop don´t blame me I´ll be the last thing you see uh Yeah I´m comin´ down another round time to up the dose But now you´re dead the headline read fatal overdose Now you´re dead and it´s over and done Yeah aah I creep into you like a perfect disease I prey upon your state of mind uh I come to get you in your moment of weakness It´s only time until you´re mine Follow me don´t you see That this is what you deserve Just sit back as I sink in my teeth I get my hooks into your soul You´ll never see me until it´s too late And I will never let you go Follow me don´t you see That this is what you deserve Bow to me can´t you see I´m the one you serve ooh I´m the one you serve serve me Medicate intoxicate I feel so numb Rapture ecstasy second to none Tyrannize victimize corrupt the brain corrupt Consequence death sentence or drivin´ you drivin´ you Drivin´ you drivin´ you insane yeah yeah yeah Welcome to your new obsession Another self destructing slave Swallowing the poison one by one I´m gonna take you to your grave aah Follow me don´t you see That this is what you deserve Bow to me can´t you see I´m the one you serve You serve serve I said you serve I came home in the afternoon someone kicked in the door Three little rats they came back for more Nine one one they´re on the run instincts kickin´ in I start the chase of human waste the race begins No remorse no respect for what you do Traumatize victimize karma will catch you Break enter break and enter yeah Split up I take two sprinting down the road Grab one throw her in the bushes rage and explode One down and one to go I got him in my sights I´m gonna get you punk I´m gonna make it right No remorse no respect for what you do Traumatize victimize karma will catch you Break enter break and enter Break break and enter and enter Break break and enter yeah Who do you think you are to break into my place These are my private things and this is my own space I´m in shock but I know one thing I think you better get the fuck out now I think you better run and run real fast Yeah yeah ´cause you´re gonna pay I´ll pay you back for this here I come You and you I´m talkin´ to you You wanna cross that line invade where I dwell Try again just one more time I´ll send you to hell yes I will yeah Yeah I got you taking to the ground Blood on your face blood on your face Time´s up police show up you´re such a damn disgrace No remorse no respect for what you do Traumatize victimize karma will catch you Break enter break and enter Break break and enter and enter Break break and enter Aah target the weak plan the attack Recruiting them for a violent attack Spreading your lies planting the seed Violence and force to get what you need Arming the bomb strapping it on Time to move in for the kill The freaks come out to play Death scent fear is in the air Death scent there´s blood everywhere Vultures on a warpath First prize for a bloodbath You ready to die are you ready to kill The more the better fire at will Arming the bomb strapping it on Time to move in for the kill The freaks come out to play Death scent fear is in the air Death scent there´s blood everywhere Death scent fear is in the air Death scent there´s blood everywhere I want you to breathe for me go Whoa pure scum radical Roaming the earth like an animal Pre emptive streke assassinate Kill them all before it´s too late Arming the bomb strapping it on Time to move in for the kill The freaks come out to play Death scent fear is in the air Death scent there´s blood everywhere Death scent fear is in the air Death scent there´s blood everywhere I can´t believe this is the end I´ve so many thing left to do When it´s over and when it´s done Will you remember me too I don´t wanna know I don´t wanna hear I gotta find something to blame Too blind to see the writings on the wall So was it all in vain uh Our destiny oh can´t you see The bell begins to chime It´s not too late so don´t hesitate We´re runnin´ out of time Try to give it give it all you got Live every minute before it´s time to rot Try to give it ´cause death is calling you Live every minute before your time is through Yeah so many chances and so many dreams Too many regrets to ignore And I´m beggin´ for mercy I´m beggin´ on my knees I can´t take this anymore Our destiny oh can´t you see The bell begins to chime It´s not too late so don´t hesitate We´re runnin´ out of time Try to give it give it all you got Live every minute before it´s time to rot Try to give it ´cause death is calling you Live every minute before your time is through Please say a prayer for the dyin´ And now I must say goodbye My time is up and I´m full of regret Don´t let life pass you by Our destiny oh can´t you see The bell begins to chime It´s not too late so don´t hesitate We´re runnin´ out of time Try to give it give it all you got Live every minute before it´s time to rot Try to give it ´cause death is calling you Live every minute before your time is through Ooh ooh ooh yeah huh huh huh haa ´cause death is calling you it´s calling you Your time is through your time is through calling you Death is calling for you ooh  The war inside my brain Help me stop the pain Torturing the head All I see is dead Welcome of the doctor, but you can call me god Insanity experiment facade Won't you be my guest in these elegant procedures Help me make them all believers Twisted lobotomy All get to a room See the hands of doom Camera shows the knife Slashing out the life Welcome of the doctor, but you can call me god Insanity experiment facade Won't you be my guest in these elegant procedures Help me make them all believers Twisted lobotomy Waking from the dream I can hear a scream Wait, I cannot feel Oh my God, it's real Welcome of the doctor, but you can call me god Insanity experiment facade Won't you be my guest in these elegant procedures Help me make them all believers Twisted lobotomy Psychological warfare The best I've ever seen Caught in the clutches Of the queen of mean Spewing your madness You make me ill This kind of abuse Drives one to kill Another day breaks Can't you see Your dedication To destroy me I won't break, I'm not gonna take I won't break for you I won't break, I'm not gonna take What you put me through So damn brainwashed The dirty tricks Inflicting torture To get your kicks Assert your power Take control Try to drag me Down the hole Another day breaks Can't you see Your dedication To destroy me I won't break, I'm not gonna take I won't break for you I won't break, I'm not gonna take What you put me through I won't break, I'm not gonna take I won't break for you I won't break, I'm not gonna take What you put me through You're goin' down You're goin' down You're goin' down It's judgment's day Punishment and pain You'll never be the same Leave you in the dust Your twisted dreams are crushed Crushed You tried your best To intimidate me Emotional blackmail In the first degree Manipulation I'll testify If I hadn't escaped I would have died Another day breaks Can't you see Your dedication To destroy me Another day breaks Can't you see Your dedication You won't destroy me This is for the demented, You are now represented. Highly recommended it's good to be tormented. I wanna live like there's no tomorrow, And I don't care what the people say. They say I'm mad, and completely loco, But I wouldn't have it any other way. I went to see a respected doctor To find out just what was wrong with me, She made fun of my black shirts and music. She took my money. This is for the demented, You are now represented. Highly recommended, It's good to be tormented. We try to judge and diagnose you, Your dreams and passions, It's time to give them up. You gotta fade into society. Change, or else you're out of luck. This is for the demented, You are now represented. Highly recommended, It's good to be tormented. Challenge unfairness, humanity, One life's essential, you'll see, you will see. Challenge unfairness, humanity, One life's essential, you'll see, you will see. Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one, My head is racing, But I don't want to come undone. It's your life, So make it your own, Remember you're not alone. This is for the demented, you are now, represented. Highly recommended, it's good to be, tormented. This is for the demented, you are now, represented. Highly recommended, it's good to be, tormented. Pieces of you, they lie on the floor But I can't put you back together no more Unspeakable things come over me I don't know what's real or fantasy I gather you up in a white sheet I go to the kitchen, get something to eat You lie on the table, torn limb from limb Your head on the counter, my sweet, little Kim A terrible thing has come over me I can't remember anything I told you to stop but it's too late Deep inside, these pieces I ate A terrible thing has come over me I can't remember anything I told you to stop but it's too late Deep inside, these pieces I ate How dare you complain, Attack and annoy You played with my mind I'm nobody's toy The yelling the screaming, you gave me no choice Just look what you've done, you made me shut up your voice I ask you why you made me angry again You tell me I'm mad and committing a sin The voices said to stop your bitching Son now you're quiet, your pieces are twitching A terrible thing has come over me I can't remember anything I told you to stop but it's too late Deep inside, these pieces I ate A terrible thing has come over me I can't remember anything I told you to stop but it's too late Deep inside, these pieces I ate Deep, down inside, I set you free Silence, I love it now No more madness at all Let's eat Mayonnaise and some pepper, a bit of salt Join me in this romantic dinner-for-two Now it's you and me together We can be as one, forever, digest I really don't know why you think it's my fault This bloody mess is all because of you A meal and a drink, the color's so red There's blood all over, I need to be fed A silver of meat, kept alive in me To silence you has been a giant relief To taste, to chew, done right and rare I'll bet you don't know that I just didn't care The hate, the garbage that you spewed at me The torture, abuse, insanity A terrible thing has come over me I can't remember anything I told you to stop but it's too late Deep inside, these pieces I ate A terrible thing has come over me I can't remember anything I told you to stop but it's too late Deep inside, these pieces I ate Over, it's over Over, it's over Over, it's over Over, it's over I gotta make a change, there's too many things goin' wrong I'm getting tired of the routine, it's always the same old song I'm not getting much sleep, having trouble paying my bills There's only one thing that I really need but they say it kills You try to run, try to hide It doesn't matter where you go It's all around, it's inside The demon you know Give it up, don't fight the feeling Come along, I know you want some more Well you might just win the battle But I'm always gonna win the war I think it might be what I'm drinking but maybe just a little too much It hasn't been even twenty-four hours and I need my crutch I can't stop the pacing, sweat pours offmy sleeve My heart is racin' and I can't breathe And you better believe it's a war and a tough one to win But if you really want it, maybe with some help You can beat this, yes, you can I think I got this beat now I'm all done the purge but there'll be no time for celebration I'm really gonna have to fight the urge and resist the temptation Sentenced to live in the mind but I'm gonna break free Psychic violence all around, they're coming for me Creepy crawlies under the skin, I gotta scratch them out This is taking far too long, I'm gonna slice a quicker route Phantom asylum Voices in my head Phantom asylum Flee or be dead Dark shadows and white coats, gotta get away from the door Screamin' like a demon, try to disappear in the floor Injection, prevention, I can't let them get me sedate They're bursting through, with a blinding light, I can't wait to make my escape Waking up, white coats surround me, tell me what have you done Paralyzed, I'm hypnotized by the light of the sun Sentenced to live in the mind but I'm gonna break free Psychic violence all around and they're coming for me A new religion with a guarantee A new condition destroying me Another gateway for the youth Intervention, it's time for the truth Do your best, defend and testify Psychoactive consequence, try to justify Altering the altar, the great debate Overdone, damage done, too late Motivation sits in the back Anxiety, panic attack Another round, another hit Unreliable, you cannot commit Psychotic break, another episode Memory loss, pure overload Paranoia, and not fantasy Hallucinations, why can you not see It all began with a big dream And a very long way to go Thirty-three years of ups and downs More than you'll ever know Therapy, a drug-free drug Channelling out my aggressions Sympathy, I don't need none But I'm up to my neck in obsession I don't care what the people say I'm gonna do it my own way Cause that's the way I like it I don't need to be the main attraction I'm happy just to get a piece of the action And that's the way I like it One-track mind, never lookin' behind Change it up, Just to cause a commotion I can't wait to put the next one out I gotta set it in motion The years gone by, don't question why Cause the past is over and done I don't worry 'bout the end of days Cause it feels like I've just begun I don't care what the people say We're gonna do it our own way Cause that's the way we like it We don't need to be the main attraction We're happy just to get a piece of the action And that's the way we like it Something's wrong with this kid, it's plain as it can be Can't pay attention, must be ADHD Hyperactive, inattentive, impulsivity Spaced out and distracted, living in a dream I try to concentrate and I try to sleep My mind is racing then sinking much too deep No one understands me but I don't really care Cause I'm not all there Constantly in motion, I just can't settle down Everything seems wrong with me, I can't fit in the crowd Well, I try so hard to listen to the words they speak When I can't remember things, I'm labelled as a freak All the struggle with the madness, try not to give a damn This silent pain and suffering has made me what I am Take this curse amd maximize, we are the chosen few Use it to advantage, a gift from me to you I never wanted to be like this I just wanna be free, genesis Focusing intensely, on things that interest me But everything else is scrambled, aplologies Confusion, an illusion, things aren't what they seem Never judge from the outside, intelligence supreme  Stand down and change your course, don't come at me, Push back, looks like an attack, hostility, Well, I'm not the same as anyone you ever knew, Absolutely no idea what I could do to you Ballistic, sadistic, beyond belief, Try me, defy me, I'm armed to the teeth Charge on, ignore the warning, a hundred megatons, Prepare annihilation, now DEFCON 1 Ballistic, sadistic, beyond belief, Try me, defy me, I'm armed to the teeth, Ballistic, sadistic, beyond belief, Try me, defy me, I'm armed to the teeth Calm before the storm, Death is marching on, Hell shall rain upon you, Your final chance gone Look me in the eyes, you son of a bitch, But like the coward you are, turn and run, Punishment, judgment day, your time has come Your time has come For once, you've been taught a lesson, now it's all uphill, Man up, admit the damage, stand up and rebuild Ballistic, sadistic, beyond belief, Try me, defy me, I'm armed to the teeth, Ballistic, sadistic, beyond belief, Try me, defy me, I'm armed to the teeth Ballistic (ballistic) Sadistic (sadistic) Try me (try me) Defy me, Armed to the teeth Years of blood, sweat and tears under the belt, Disregard, disrespect for what you've been dealt, Best defense, arrogance, you know it all, Enjoy your time while it lasts, before you fall Fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, Fuck the attitude, fuck the attitude, fuck the attitude, Fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, Fuck you and your attitude, fuck your shitty attitude, fuck your fucking attitude It's dragging me down, pessimist, what do you know? In a couple years, you wait and see, you'll get nothing to show, Telling me, teaching me how it's done, Feel the need to educate everyone Fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, Fuck the attitude, fuck the attitude, fuck the attitude, Fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, Fuck you and your attitude, fuck your shitty attitude, fuck your fucking attitude You'll learn the lesson, learn it well, save your tears, I'd wish you luck, don't give a fuck, get out of here Fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, Fuck the attitude, fuck the attitude, fuck the attitude, Fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, fuck your attitude, Fuck you and your attitude, fuck your shitty attitude, fuck your fucking attitude He's a god and a savior, He belongs in the psycho ward, Psychopathic behavior, Send him off to the psycho ward He's a god and a savior, He belongs in the psycho ward, Psychopathic behavior, Send him off to the psycho ward A piece of work, you wear it well, You love your violence, Get what you want, abuse 'em all And keep 'em silent, ooh Just take him, just take him away, I know a nice little place where the man can stay He's a god and a savior, He belongs in the psycho ward, Psychopathic behavior, Send him off to the psycho ward You make a fist, you follow through, You hit her with it, Intimidate, yell at 'em all, Into submission Just take him, just take him away, I know a nice little place where the man can stay He's a god and a savior, He belongs in the psycho ward, Psychopathic behavior, Send him off to the psycho ward Just take him away To where he belongs, Just take him away, Away, yeah A king of nothing, a fantasy, It's all a lie, Pathetic fool, family, a tool, All alone when you die Just take him, just take him away, I know a nice little place where the man can stay He's a god and a savior, He belongs in the psycho ward, Psychopathic behavior, Send him off to the psycho ward He's a god and a savior, He belongs in the psycho ward, Psychopathic behavior, Send him off to the psycho ward Asymmetric lopsided battle, Germs, biological disease, Chemical, emit the gases, Take 'em all out with ease Suffering, death, disease, Mankind on his knees, Humans warring since birth, Satan inherits the earth Always here and you know me, Come take my hand, I am war and you made me Bloodstain the land Conventional, Deploy the troops, Insurgents, Unite the groups Suffering, death, disease, Mankind on his knees, Humans warring since birth, Satan inherits the earth Always here and you know me, Come take my hand, I am war and you made me Bloodstain the land Destroy the grid, all systems cease, Nuclear, all Hell unleashed, yeah Suffering, death, disease, Mankind on his knees, Humans warring since birth, Satan inherits the earth Always here and you know me, Come take my hand, I am war and you made me Bloodstain the land Always here and you know me, Come take my hand, I am war and you made me Bloodstain the land Year after year, I'm just playing the part, serving to better your needs, Giving and living to pacify you and labor in your rotten deeds, Numb to the feelings once trapped in your Hell, you are the greatest mistake, The yelling, the screaming, just blocking it out, living a nightmare awake Out with the old, In with the new, Out with the garbage, I'll win without you Taking advantage and making the time, day after day, work on me, Brainwash with your bulldozer psychology, Dirty and rude, putting up with the stench, so many things not to miss, The pushing, the shoving, uncaring, unloving, blind to the force of your fist Out with the old, In with the new, Out with the garbage, I'll win without you Cleansed of the past, just a sick memory, Wiped from the face of the earth, Gone from my mind, not too long I can find Someone who values my worth Out with the old, In with the new, Out with the garbage, I'll win without you Put on your best suit And pick out your tie, Cover up the hooves, A Devil in disguise Jump in your fancy car, Women, a plaything, Everyone's inferior, All hail the King Like Damien from The Omen, A business camouflage, Hanging with your worshipers, Your phony entourage Blending in with all of us, Pretending to be wise A smell of rotten flesh Fending off the flies Dressed For evil, Dressed up For evil Dressed For evil, Dressed up For evil So condescending, Rotten to the core, Everyone's beneath you, Put 'em down some more Tempting with currency, Preying on the greed, Extend the family With demon seed People are just property, Amassing your net worth, Building up the empire Right here on Earth Delusions, illusions, All a fantasy, No guilty conscience, A moral bankruptcy Dressed For evil, Dressed up For evil Dressed For evil, Dressed up For evil World's undone, Overrun, He's the one, Hell has come The reign is over, Good has overcome, Dealing with the aftermath, The healing has begun Blend in with all of us, You tell us all your lies, No one believes you, You're the Devil in disguise Dressed For evil, Dressed up For evil Dressed For evil, Dressed up For evil Evil, Evil, Evil, Evil Caged in like an animal, Locked in here for far too long Left alone in darkness, Singing the same old song Make the voices in my head go silent, Shut them up, I wanna make them quiet, Things are gonna get a little violent, Time to go, there's gonna be a riot Riot Riot Riot A diet of prescription, Starving off the need to feed Reducing me to nothing But I will not concede Make the voices in my head go silent, Shut them up, I wanna make them quiet, Things are gonna get a little violent, Time to go, there's gonna be a riot, riot Panic and commotion, I see my chance, it's time to run, run, Corrupt authority, uprising has begun, gun Make the voices in my head go silent, Shut them up, I wanna make them quiet, Things are gonna get a little violent, Time to go, there's gonna be a riot Degrade your victim, getting under the skin, Intimidation, well, it's all about the win, Getting away with murder, get out of jail free, It's time to learn a lesson, welcome to custody Here comes the consequence (the consequence), This time you can't deny, There's no avoiding this sentence, no! Well, it's time to say goodbye One Wrong Move Is all it takes One Wrong Move To seal your fate, Yeah-yeah Narcissistic son of a bitch, nothing but a disgrace, All the Hell you put them through, it's time for you to face Here comes the consequence (the consequence), This time you can't deny, There's no avoiding this sentence, no! It's time to say goodbye One Wrong Move Is all it takes One Wrong Move To seal your fate Seal it! All has been for nothing, your reputation's a joke, Your legacy of greatness, it's all gone up in smoke Here comes the consequence, This time you can't deny, There's no avoiding this sentence, It's time to say goodbye One Wrong Move (To seal your fate!) One (One) Wrong (Wrong) Move (Move) Motherfucker So nice to meet you, I hope I can come inside, Invited in, you leave the door open wide, Perfection like I've never seen before, A Goddess, an angel, all I could ask for Down we go, let's start the show, It's just what you need, Your pleasure and my treat, I got dessert to eat Devour the feast! Sweat dripping from the skin, I'm dancing with the ultimate one, Like a sweet peach dipped in honey With a taste that's second to none, to none! Down we go, let's start the show, It's just what you need, Your pleasure and my treat, I got dessert to eat, ooh! Devour the feast! Lip service, I'm gonna give it to you, Lip service, Everything you want me to do, Lip service, I'm gonna give it to you, Yeah-yeah Lip service, I'm gonna give it to you, Lip service, Everything you want me to do, Lip service, I'm gonna give it to you, Ha-ha... oh! Now that the meal is over, So glad you let me into your den But one thing you got to face, I think it's time we did it again, again! Down we go, let's start the show, It's just what you need, Your pleasure and my treat, I got dessert to eat, ooh! Devour the feast! Yeah Losing my mind, someone help me, sins of the past, Living the shame, guilty feeling, drowning me fast Here in the dark, mind is racing, what have I done? Bugs in the skin, devastating, guilt weighs a ton See the light, make it right, hold on tight, this is the end of the, See the light, make it right, hold on tight, this is the end of the lie! The end of the lie Burn Burning the bridge, paranoia, anxiety, Anger and fear as a weapon, it's caught up to me, Out for myself, crushing others, lacking remorse, Manipulate, dominate 'em, even through force See the light, make it right, hold on tight, this is the end of the, See the light, make it right, hold on tight, this is the end of the lie! The end of the lie Yeah-yeah! You won't find all the answers, you won't get what you need But it's time to mitigate the damage, indeed, You lived your life like a tyrant, like you were heaven-sent, It's time to do the right thing and repent, repent Your coldness and rage, given to everyone, no place to run, It's all crashing down, can't control it, the ending has come See the light, make it right, hold on tight, this is the end of the, See the light, make it right, hold on tight, this is the end of the lie! The end of the lie  my mind turns into my heart I got the shock of my life movin too fast just run, run, run playing out my very last chance to run taking me down off this cross lay me down in the dust where my eyes cant't see no more sober words of love this is my last chance to run I crossed the line and you know that is hurts I need to find one reason to live, to be alive just run, run, run take a look in the mirror my mind turns into my heart I got the shock of my life movin too fast just run, run, run playing out my very last chance to run my last chance to run, my last chance I crossed the line and you know that is hurts I need to find one reason the mirror tells me all I need to know so I forget it after all it's all for you but somehow I my not stop so I stopped smiling so I stopped breathing in all that you did in all what you are here I stand where my past is as far as the sun in my head I say your name slowly when I wake up you're gone I am dreaming in a sweat of fear just to know you were mine was enough one big leap in the dark I think I might have lost it somewhere else lost something good and never got it back I say goodnight in one single breath and now I can be anything in my head I say your name slowly for this point in time I will stop my heart and I'll wait for, I'll wait for you my life is going to cave in in my head I say your name slowly when I wake up you're gone I am dreaming in a sweat of fear just to know you were mine was enough one big leap in the dark I think I might have lost it somewhere else lost something good and never got it back I say goodnight in one single breath and now I can be anything when you move your hand over my back this could be the very last time the very last moment one moment from somewhere else only for you the bright lights shine but the truth is I am lost for words and I will stop my heart, stop my heart and I'll wait for, I'll wait for you my life is going to cave in at the heart of the matter just take a closer look make it easy cause it is it's all black and white when the music stops it ends, so it begins sometimes I think I understand everyday I know that I may be closer to to something beautiful you are tomorrow in today and you will ever be the you I know is fading away no guts, no glory the you I know is fading away just stand up and be counted can't say goodbye to somebody you don't know so it begins, so it ends I think I ... understand sometimes I think I understand allow me to join your presence no need to argue even for one second oh what a beautiful view the beauty in your eyes the warmth of your smile a heart of perfection I would fight the darkest roads to protect your shining eyes these are my unarmed words but I'm not the one you're looking at still I did but doesn't arise please don't worry about me I'm already lost, I'm already gone but you don't love me and I do too I wish I could I thought you would this oppressed soul of mine got no tears for long time this is getting wrong just bear it up and say the truth as early as your eyes do this moment will race forever all my life I was running away but the sad part is I'm still here where did I go wrong all along now I can leave my things behind cause it's all going off without me now the time has come to clear the air and hit the road damn what we wait for I've got no time to lose driving in my old car mind out! maybe our backlight has gone for sure we're already drove too far just leave my grave undone listen to the voice in the radio the tragedy starts from the very first spark all good things come from above I'm tired from being put off I didn't really know how to call it a name to conjure with you're a little bit more then I thought you'd be and now you're drowning me and get lost in the sea lost in an ocean  Oh we had too much fun my friend I am wasted I am the end Sneaking out and staying up until the morning Sneaking out and staying up drinking without any prior warning We were electric we felt it in the air We were on fire and it was everywhere Our feet never touched the ground Our bodies will never be found Too many shots and we've lost all game control On an empty stage without a living soul That's the way we danced until we forget Until we woke up in an ice cold sweat We were looking for fun And getting high for free But what did we know what did we see A taste of real life as it should be Ready for another lie? This shit is gonna make you high Come on and take another shot Like a criminal who hasn't been caught We got into trouble but we moved on And that's where the beginning of the end begun I am scared that you won't be waiting on the other side I am scared cause there is no you anymore except in my dreams tonight I can't say your name again Cause it will never feel the same like it did before As we stood at your last resting spot With broken eyes, empty, sad and lost Hopelessly in human tragedy All the people who cared and pray Like I did every single day, everyday This all happened so fast, this all happened too soon There was no time to prepare, this was just unfair When I say your name It will never be the same I wish you could see You will be missed dreadfully Why did you had to fly, fly away from me into the sky Where did you go without me Where do we go? I don't even know I don't know, where do we go? I don't know, what do we aim for? What do we aim for? is this all there is to it? But I know what I'm going to say Pictures in my head of those days How it felt to see your face How it felt to touch your skin But your're gone for so long I need to find some courage to try I know I have to try Try to say goodbye Dropped by the wayside All what was left is done The past is a lie So don't you forget it My first note in every song I sang In every line I wrote Let me tell you you're the sweetest thing In every line I wrote in every song I sang It's like falling in love It's like falling in love to a break up song But there is no way of knowing Don't get me wrong My first note in every line wrote In every song I sing Have you forgotten what you’ve seen Trying to wipe the slate clean It is me on that road With your heir in my hand On my way to nowhere Till I am where we have never been On my way to nowhere Till I am where we have never been Dropped by the wayside Everybody's gonna be afraid sometimes And it’s the right time to be It’s the right time to be For one final time Just be brave, just be strong Do not surrender and get along Do you remember what you told me once? This could be your last act without a happy ending It’s not a gothic tale this is tonight I don't want to sleep anymore Almost shaken to the core Shut out what they say This dream is fucked up anyway I tried to tell myself what to dream what to forget And now I try wake up cause all hell is let loose You will find an answer, you will find the truth Because there is so much to answer there is so much to do For one final time Just be brave, just be strong Do not surrender and get along Do you remember what you told me once? I will take a fire walk with you We will bring off a coup I promised I'd see this with you now They will be back again They will be back in the night You won't escape again with no more than a fright I need a cover, I need a shelter I need you to pretend we're really strong All the safety will be gone Before the darkness gets a chance to bite Sing me a song and hold me tight I am now where I have been And I see what I've already seen Cause this is a nightmare this is not a dream You will scream, you have to scream I think I have gone monstercrazy You will scream, you have to scream From darkness into the light We have survived, a narrow escape Out of the jaws of death One moment that takes your breath A cry Under the screen of the dark A scare, a chase, a mystery Like a child I stay up in fright Stay up all night So don't wonder what it was These shadows called your name And nothing will be the same They will be back again You will scream, you have to scream This is not a dream this is a nightmare They will be back again in the night You won't escape again with no more than a fright Who am I to force my destiny No I am fine, I wait patiently I have all the time in the world Footloose and fancy free Who am I to force my destiny Again it seems we meet I will take you out tonight Your heart is beating faster and faster The precious one underneath your bra Who am I to force my destiny No I am fine, I wait patiently Drifting away into the night You are right here, right next to me I never want this night to end Cause I've got all my time to spend Some may believe That someday there comes somebody nice That one will change your life tremendously To make it better in some degree A taste of confidence in my mouth Is more than I can say There is only one thing that is sure It is you that I adore I remember becoming a believer I remember when my heart has caught the fever I mean after all the things we've been through I mean after all the things we got into So it just hurts my soul I may never know How I feel for you You walk around like you don't know me You’re just pushing me down, pushing me down To my surprise a fuck is my replacement The biggest douch bag in this town And I know that love is mean I know that I cared but it was never enough I know I was there but it was never near enough When my eyes are wet and sore I can't see you anymore When I never see your face again My world would be such a better place (I still remember) It ain't complicated, I've grown to hate it (Say you'll remember) Does it make you feel good, knowing that you could And I know that love is mean, and I know that love hurts But I still remember, say you will remember I need you to, I need you to feel the same I need you to come here and save me Come with me I will make you feel good Feel like you really should I guess you're finding your feet I guess you're finding I guess you're finding your feet I only have myself to blame There is nothing I can do now to right my wrongs so I write this songs I was so confused, I was scared and bruised Sometimes it’s not enough and the road gets tough Silence is your sound but I prefer the bold and loud I am a wishing saint I won't resist it I will reside I'm so crazy, I'm sorry that I'm misbehaving Trying to push past, but past saving Was I always like this, adventure seeking, so restless Silence is your sound but I prefer the bold and loud Just let go of what you think you know Your life will be sweet when you’re finally free I will fly away, fly into the stars I am a wishing saint I won't resist it I will reside And that's where I become insane My time, my time won't run away tonight The ghost of me will disappear without a light Time will not, will not run away tonight The ghost of me will disappear without a light Things get misunderstood In the time of my dying It doesn't feel like flying I am blaming me but it’s alright Just can't see anything without a light You never ask me to lie I never ask you to cry You never ask me to lie I see it in your eyes I feel it in your touch Lying in the darkness of this dead end street I cannot run away cause this is my world There will never be a brand new you and me You never ask me No matter when I wanna see you, see you again It's all good and it's gonna be alright Say you will and shoot the light My shadow will fade away But the ghost of me can stay We all have stories that we will never tell From the bottom line fear is the heart of hell I was down and out but the world did not fall apart And now there is not a single thing to frown about You know my name but not my story You know everything I’ve done You know my name but not what I have been through By the time you want me to be in your life again By the time you will understand that I will be gone again Life is too awesome to waste your time away Someday this pain will make sense to you I was down and out But the world did not fall apart And now there is not a single thing to frown about You want me to be in your life again But I will be in someone else’s Can you hear this sound? Can you hear this noise? Are you really alone? Your mind is staking out like mine was before A cold wind is blowing through your house It sounds like whispered lies Your mind is staking out like mine was before Did you make sure is somebody darkening your door? This room is dead and cold Is this still your home? Did you leave the back door open? What would you give to return to the fold Just make yourself believe That there is nobody under your bed One wish for a divine spark They won't follow you into the dark This could have been your last act  At the bottom of the ocean When there's nothing left to take away When there's nothing more to add When there's nothing but decay Carry me away Like driftwood to the sea Though the sun is long gone You're keeping my heart strong (You're keeping my heart strong) (You're keeping my heart strong) There is no darkness that I fear Falling through lost spaces I know everything around here gone And there's nothing to replace this Endless thinking is overrated A fully open mind Unclear ideas of what you really And you're running out of time You're not here anymore I have to ask this before the dawn You're not here anymore So when is it okay to move on? At the bottom of the ocean When there's nothing left to take away When there's nothing more to add When there's nothing but decay Carry me away Like driftwood to the sea Though the sun is long gone You're keeping my heart strong There is no darkness that I fear Falling through lost spaces I know everything around here You're gone And there's nothing to replace this Don't wear a mask for so long You will forget who's beneath it You will forget who's beneath it You will forget There will be no one left to save you You're not here anymore I have to ask this before the dawn You're not here anymore So when is it okay to move on? At the bottom of the ocean When there's nothing left to take away When there's nothing more to add When there's nothing but decay Carry me away Like driftwood to the sea Though the sun is long gone You're keeping my heart strong The fate that weights the world Insane in lucid moments This is a naked city Faces without impression People without make up Their lips colorless Sealed and cold Keeping in step keeping in line We do what we do because we told Keeping in step keeping in line Do what you do cause you are cold Behind the tears inside the lies Reckless hearts and absence of mind We are all equal we are all blind We are all equal we are all blind In a city of eight million people Broken bruised forgotten sore Born free with a silver spoon But too fucked up to care anymore Are you brave enough? Are you brave enough to fear? Behind the tears inside the lies Reckless hearts and absence of mind We are all equal we are all blind We are all equal we are all blind (We are all equal we are all blind) Torn apart slowly outside my head Happiness is something we can't steal The more we take the weaker we get In the naked city Knock loud this is my home I wonder what the human heart is made of Are you brave enough? I look up to the sky tonight Its beautiful remember to breathe Remember to see it all Before I will forget (I ask) Am I home yet (come back) When I get lost in myself Oh memories where did you go I've lost all I've ever known Forgotten the one place I've called home Snowblind This is the snow across my mind Snowblind The snow which will make me blind Board me up Sew me into the sheets Fill me with coal and ice Until the wind retreats My organs can live without me You can't predict the end When I get lost in myself Oh memories where did you go I've lost all I've ever known Forgotten the one place I've called home Looking closely at the stranger in the mirror Who's this ghost staring back at me Please forgive me, please believe me Cause I'm far too afraid to hell Confinement in a dark cell There's nowhere to hide No ones ever seen me like this On a motion to dismiss I need to understand That I'm a broken man When I get lost in myself Oh memories where did you go I've lost all I've ever known Forgotten the one place I've called home You can not predict the end What comes tomorrow back and borrow Backroads and shortcuts You know them all so well Why are you pretending You should not be scared To face the end here The walls are closing in The air is getting out You left with nothing But a shadow of doubt The walls are closing in The air is getting out The battle is in your hands now, Don't lay your armor down Why are you pretending Don't be scared to face the end When you feel your hope is fading When you feel your hope is fading When you think it never stops raiking Just stick with me We will make it together Yeah, just stick with me And wait and see Some day if we never said it Who are you pretending We might live to regret it Don't be scared to face the end A simple complication leads to miscommunications The walls are closing in The air is getting out You left with nothing But a shadow of doubt The walls are closing in The air is getting out The battle is in your hands now, Don't lay your armor down Why are you pretending Don't be scared to face the end When you feel your hope is fading When you feel your hope is fading When you think it never stops raiking Just stick with me We will make it together Yeah, just stick with me And wait and see Yeah, just stick with me And wait and see Its alright that its so quiet In your world tonight Its alright that its so quiet Your lights will shine bright to me Its so quiet In your world tonight Its okay, life's like a tough crowd And we are still growing up When you feel your hope is fading When you think it never stops raiking Just stick with me We will make it together Yeah, bearing down a path We have to choose With every fear in my brain Being told a thousand lies A thousand times Just to keep us sane Do you know what they say? When the wolves come out of the walls They will come out of nowhere So you better leave While there's still hope for escape Pay your mind to the wolves in the walls We shut our eyes To see the things we lost When the wolves bring out their claws They will come and get you When the darkness falls You better leave before its all over Pay your mind to the wolves in the walls We shut our eyes To see the things we lost All we ever gave They had planned to take So run away, While there is still hope for escape I've always been afraid Tripping on my feet Getting down on my knees With words too hard to speak Quiet as a shadow whispering what I fear I don't want to live anywhere but here Quieter than any mouse No my words are not in vain This is mine This is my house Pay your mind to the wolves in the walls We shut our eyes To see the things we lost All we ever gave They had planned to take So run away, While there is still hope for escape Each day living out a lie A lie we need and we are taught to buy Left alone until we find out What this deception is all about Bearing down a path we have to choose With every fear in my brain Being told a thousand lies A thousand times Just to keep us sane Pay no mind to the wolves in the walls The time has come Reveal the memory Rising from the grave Where its sound and safe Where are we now Somewhere in the back of your mind Pay your mind to the wolves in the walls We shut our eyes To see the things we lost All we ever gave They had planned to take So run away, While there is still hope for escape I need help but I'm on an endless list Ready to act so I wont be dismissed My own inner conflict I'm on my own inner conflict Inner peace come at a great cost Salvation is hard to find Visions of a life lost Are burning in my mind This is wrong I swear blind This is so wrong I swear blind How is life and what is right? I don't have all the answers yet All I know is this is a fragile line I want to live, live without regret I need help but I'm on an endless list Ready to act so I wont be dismissed My own inner conflict I'm on my own inner conflict There's a price for everything These days I haven't been sleeping Trying to come clean Of secrets I'm keeping I wanna live but I need to let you I wanna live but I need to let you die Someones going to die Because he wont get out of the red Get me out of my head Get me out of the red Get me out of my head Get me out of the red How is life and what is right? I don't have all the answers yet All I know is this is a fragile line Want to live, live without regret This life is not what I thought it would be A declaration of a poor mans death Who you are is not what you have been And I can not play the innocent I confess my sins Its not about who wins I confess my sins Sometimes I feel like I've lost my identity I crumble nervously The way I fake my innocence I'm gonna dodge all you questions I'm gonna fake all my suggestions I keep telling lies I am just a liar With every single mile I go Another memory is fading away After all we've been through I come around so much more Without you I'm gonna dodge all you questions I'm gonna fake all my suggestions I keep telling lies And love to play with fire I act like a pathological liar With every single mile I go Another memory is fading away After all we've been through I come around so much more Without you On the walls of my apartment Hang the pictures That reminded me of her And the way I let her down And the way I let her down These are thoughts I have alone This is weighing on my mind Maybe I'm too afraid Maybe I want more than I really need These are thoughts I have alone This is weighing on my mind After all we've been through I come around so much more Without you I keep telling lies And love to play with fire I act like a pathological liar With every single mile I go Another memory is fading away After all we've been through I come around so much more without you Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide You can't keep safe, everything will break Everyone who's gone Always goes too soon All at once it gets hard to take I'm asking for the moon Every minute that I'm awake Thoughts drown me like a typhoon I wasn't ready to let you go It hurts because it should So let me force a laugh To break the silence Try to stay strong when you realize That nothing lasts forever Hold on to your memories Cause they wont fade away Every single missed chance Hurts even more When you're only In your thoughts together I know its hard to understand This place we used to go Is where I throw your ashes in the wind Hoping and wishing That a miracle begins Try to stay strong when you realize That nothing lasts forever Hold on to your memories Cause they wont fade away Every single missed chance Hurts even more When you're only In your thoughts together I know its hard to understand I will always go beside you I will always go beside you I will always go beside you Hold onto hope is what I do Some say the time will heal the wounds To live is to die and everything will part You're walking fast Through the traffic lights Faster than the wind Flying through the fall People are people And sometimes we change our minds Watch and wait before you lose it all Autumn leaves falling down Like pieces into place But I will never, never let you down In these days Just you standing there Without money and fame Everything has changed Just you standing there Without money and fame In your pretty dress With no one to impress Chasing fortune with a made up name Everybody loves the glamour Everybody loves the fame But you're not lucky You're just so confused You don't feel pretty You just feel used People are people And sometimes we change our minds Watch and wait before you lose it all Autumn leaves falling down Like pieces into place But I will never, never let you down In these days Just you standing there Without money and fame Everything has changed Just you standing there Without money and fame In your pretty dress With no one to impress Lets pretend we cannot see The black cloud Lets pretend we don't know What were talking about Lets pretend we cannot see The black cloud Lets pretend we don't know What were talking about You thought I forgot about you long ago Time is taking its sweet in tale of woe I was scared but I was there Although is took everything in me Yeah, I was scared but I was there Cause all we know is don't let go Let me dream of a new autumn light I need a new start at a different time Oh, let me dream of a new autumn light Will you accuse me if I hide There's no place around there Where I fit in This life it sucks my dreams away So sick and pale but strangely alive So messed up, the world turns into grey So messed up, my inside looks like war My life is a compromise I can't be bothered to decide I can't see right from my wrong I will have to swallow some pride Let me dream of a new autumn light I need a new start at a different time Oh, let me dream of a new autumn light Will you accuse me if I hide When I was so young and so vain I was winning Pathetic acts for a worthless cause Its a shame Yeah a real shame My inside looks like war My life is a compromise I can't be bothered to decide I can't see right from my wrong I will have to swallow some pride Let me dream of a new autumn light I need a new start at a different time Oh, let me dream of a new autumn light Will you accuse me if I hide So sick and pale but strangely alive So messed up, the world turns into grey So sick and pale but strangely alive All washed up with many debts to pay My inside looks like war Let me dream of a new autumn light I need a new start at a different time Oh, let me dream of a new autumn light Will you accuse me if I hide So sick and pale but strangely alive So messed up, the world turns into grey So messed up, my inside looks like war I wrote these words on the street Those words we shared and displayed As fragile as the people we are I am so scared to say So fucking scared to say Straight out of my mind and into my fear So come on would it be that hard In the nothing of the now Sunk into my heart then fell apart Oh, I love you so Wont you please come home I can't let go Time has drifted away Oh come on, could it be that hard Will you please come home Is it too much to ask I miss the grace of your face I miss the way you taste There was no time for one last goodbye Why did you do this, Leaving me without a kiss Straight out of my mind and into my fear So come on would it be that hard In the nothing of the now Sunk into my heart then fell apart I can't let go I don't know how and I don't know when I pray that you will be so beautiful Time has drifted away Oh come on, could it be that hard Will you please come home Is it too much to ask I can't forget this lonely message I can't forget these words on the street I can't forget those words We shared and displayed Ill miss you Time has drifted away Oh come on, could it be that hard Will you please come home Is it too much to ask I can't forget this lonely messages I can't forget these words on the street I can't forget this lonely messages I can't forget these words on the street Ill miss you  we've ruined everything, a dream designed to fall the world won't mourn us when we're dead and gone, dead and gone accepting our fate, our backs against the wall the cycle of destruction goes on and on downtown is on fire the final hour approaches you caught in the headlights guilty of murder deep in you heart you know the truth so scream it loud Loud loud loud scream the truth if they don't listen scream it loud Loud loud loud scream the fucking truth if your eyes are open if your heart's not frozen don't let it all disappear cause all we have is here who will shine the brightest of all what will it take to break down these prison walls we'll be the voice, alone in the crowd If they're not listening scream it loud essential dedication to the pace of life open your eyes how will we survive deep in you heart you know the truth we are struggling we are striving in the search for a place to stay there is no guarantee of surviving we're putting ourselves in harms way tell me what's wrong with everybody today? suffer, losses and dealing with human fears it is neither liveable nor acceptable over years we're all seekers on the run for love on the run for hope we're all seekers always searching for a life worth living we are troubling we're disturbing in the search for a place to stay there is no guarantee of surviving dreams and reality like night and day tell me what's wrong with everybody today a distress signal this time for all humankind we are about to crash and burn we are on our own, there's no return we are all searching for a life worth living They irritate. They infuriate. They inflame. They chafe. You are not alone we may start to take time and take part for what may be changed we may start to take time and take part defeat inertia for a change why oh why you cannot take it with you when you die sometimes the things you want the most won't happen until the book is closed I'm losing all I have but sadly not what I've ever wanted tonight everything is over if I told you reasons why you would leave so I chose to lie things have changed I try my best to smile why oh why I'm afraid of getting colder I am homeless in my home miles away from where I was sometimes the things you want the most won't happen until the book is closed I'm afraid of getting colder cause tonight everything is over clearly things have changed cause they always do how can I be sure I try my best to smile just for a little while d.o.m.i.n.a.n.c.e. why do we need this dominance are we people of no consequence who disregard each others dignity Breeding this instability what choice do we have? we have all suffered so much what choice do we have? we have all suffered so much The wells all have ran dry Hearts are numb to the touch Out in the cold There is nowhere left to go The ends drawing near We need to shatter this state of fear let's keep an eye on the values that are not easy to try on Burning bridges we have gone too far I can finally see how blind we are d.o.m.i.n.a.n.c.e. the longer they keep talking the less sense they will make what choice do we have? we have all suffered so much The wells all have ran dry Hearts are numb to the touch Burning bridges we've gone too far I can finally see how blind we are They overstep the limits They always miss the mark They overstep the limits their souls have grown so dark no more d.o.m.i.n.a.n.c.e. we are in line we are the trend brushed and forgotten in the end across the years we've lost each other blinded by a softly southern I touch your skin I hold my breath the time has come our love is dead I watch the train as it dissolves in heavy rain on tracks out of the blind lane from the heaven of together to the earth of alone change your world before it kills you there is no doubt this is what it's all about I'm losing sleep you're on my mind I'm losing days that I cannot find there's nothing wrong with being wrong for each other at some time or another when it's all said when it's all done we give up before it even begun when it's all cold, when it's all gone we stand still, even if we try to run there's nothing wrong with being wrong for each other enter the arena life's Colosseum is to bleed crosskill of doom takes its toll in disguise some things happen for no reason when tragedy is running at full speed face your demise in the blink of an eye is this the way it goes we can shatter in an instant no matter who we are we face our own demise in the blink of an eye thumbs up thumbs down as soon as you walk this planet don't take anything for granted, but fear face your demise in the blink of an eye the wildest rivers of joy open out into a sea of tears we've seen it a million times before thumbs up thumbs down it's spare or slay you don't have to be brave you don't have to be strong you just have to be born and you're trapped the news is on, the sound's turned down children running, screaming for help all these victims, in this far away town you think you can explain everything you think you can explain anything and everything you know I know nothing has changed we still hurt each other They know we know nothing will change is it too late to save your brother point the gun and pull the trigger you have not learned a thing you have not learned anything no one is welcome here so blind we can't see a vision blurred by the ones who don't take this seriously we're in the eye of the storm that's spreading the poison with no the remedy the world needs water to live the world needs air to breathe you think you can explain everything you think you can explain anything and everything naturally I expected nothing it was still too much we live our lives parallel side by side never to touch never to touch everywhere you were there like a ghost in the thin air it's not meant to end like this it's not meant to end like this I always knew what we could be but there's only one path there's only one path that holds you and me too tired to sleep too hungry to eat let's just cut, cut ourselves cut out of each others lives cut out of each others heads cut out of our photographs falling in love with a cloud in the sky all I can do is watch it float away you were the umbrella that could keep me dry now I'm drowning in the rain as the world passes us by too tired to sleep too hungry to eat let's just cut ourselves cut out of each others lives cut out of each others heads cut out of our memories I know that our sun has set industrial light and magic I'm staring at the face of my fear trying to erase you but you're still here living our lives in full profusion restraint is no alternative solution deforest, produce, consume and waste you never ask what is at stake? you never ask what to protect or to take whitewash the misery of the poor everyone else is the evil do-er no ambition to be fair true to the motto: What do I care? mountains of stuff enough is not enough let us destroy the world it's all useless and old we can destroy the world and feed children with gold the floor starts to crack bit by bit never mind who pays for it deforest, produce, consume we are affected in every way we are affected when clouds turn from white to grey suddenly you're wide-awake when you see what is at stake as we drift across the universe as we run away from a suffocating curse the last planet found by the alone for the alone the last planet made by the alone for the alone lost here in space our past is gone with no trace And this reality is finally clear when everything I love just disappears if I could take you to the stars on a mission even further from mars I'll show you peace, I know it's true cause no one knows how far we've travelled to break through all we have is the here and now these moments will dissolve don't just sleep, please dream somehow to know you is to leave you the last, last planet the lost, lost planet as we sail into the universe as we say goodbye to our dying earth If I could take you to the stars on our mission even further from mars I'll show you peace, I know it's true cause no one knows how far we've travelled to break through cause no one knows how far we've travelled to break through free from the laws of gravity there is no sound in the emptiness I was lost but now I'm found  Fuck! Nobody, anybody, somebody, who are you Nobody, anybody, and no one to say it to I'm in a coma, I'm in the blue Don't even know what the fuck I'm gonna do Nothing concrete in my direction No simplicity in my perfection (I'm in a coma, I'm in the blue) Let me fly away 'Cause I don't wanna stay here until my dying day Nobody, anybody, somebody, who are you Who are you So just become the most adaptable creature An evolution that belongs to the future The truth is so damn hard to take When you're a bird of prey Let me fly away 'Cause I don't wanna stay here until my dying day Nobody, anybody, somebody, who are you (Nobody, anybody, somebody) Who are you (Nobody, anybody, somebody) Walking down the soulless street The weightless steps of burning feet Bracing as the days fly past but in reality they last Among the ruins of the past Among the ruins of the past At the greatest speed, at the dip Give me one reason to stop this trip As the ashes turn to dust Give me one reason to end this rush Let me fly away 'Cause I don't wanna stay here until my dying day Nobody, anybody, somebody, who are you (Nobody, anybody, somebody) Who are you (Nobody, anybody, somebody) (We're unaware) (We're unaware) (We're unaware) Into an imperium with no right vision Nice clean streets, pretty houses and trees Every day's the same, everything is arranged We are part of the game, nothing has changed Sweet voices in your head selling you plastic life Re-runs of sitcoms in this paradise I am running, running, running We're all running, running, running We're so pure, so rare, slowly bleeding out Unaware Running, running, running We're all running, running, running We're so pure, so rare, slowly bleeding out Unaware (We're unaware) (We're unaware) (We're unaware) Until we're running out of air Into an imperium with many illusions Neon signs to a world of fairy tales Every day's the same, everyone's just fake We're part of the game, we're all on the take Sweet voices in your head selling you plastic life Re-runs of sitcoms in this paradise I am running, running, running We're all running, running, running We're so pure, so rare, slowly bleeding out Unaware Running, running, running We're all running, running, running We're so pure, so rare, slowly bleeding out Unaware (Run, run, run) Run, run, run, run Run, run, run Run, run, run until we run out of air They're watching us They are telling us what to do We are unaware until we run out of air I sit in silence now, oh No voices to wrap me in sweet illusion No plastic promises, oh A false reality within this imperium, imperium I am running, running, running We're all running, running, running We're so pure, so rare, slowly bleeding out Unaware (We're unaware) (We're unaware) (We're unaware) Until we're running out of air (We're unaware) (We're unaware) Until we run out of air Your sweet insanity is whispering in my ears And you speak of honesty by lying to yourself So tell me do you know any more good stories Which role should I play And I can be the least of all of your worries How often can you say Believe me I'm so sorry But the truth is I'm not a part of your story My world is incomplete and you've been filling in the gaps with lies And we're all just characters you've written between the lines So tell me do you know any more good stories Which role should I play And I can be the least of all of your worries How often can you say Believe me I'm so sorry But the truth is I'm not a part of your fucking story My world is incomplete Where I've fallen at your feet My world is incomplete While you get back on your feet Hanging from this framework of good stories And making your own moral categories However the wreckage that you leave I've proven to myself that I am very naive I just didn't wanna know (I just didn't wanna know) The large gift of your narrative skill (narrative skill) More than anything I get to know, I get to know I get to know that words can kill Hanging from this framework of good stories of double meanings and parallel worlds Against a wall where souls are hurled (My world is incomplete, how often can you say) Believe me I'm so sorry But the truth is I'm not a part of your story My world is incomplete Where I've fallen at your feet My world is incomplete While you get back on your feet In a rundown store at the edge of town They sold a gun called Columbine, called Columbine It's been a long, long time since I held a gun It's been a long time since the West was won, since the West was won But I need protection From people like me It becomes an infection Becomes a disease It's been a long time since I held a gun To the head of a man in the name of love It's been a long time since a bullet flew From the laws that were passed by the powers that be It's the same old store where they proudly sold The gun that shot John Lennon down, shot Lennon down It's the same old news when the kids that go Off to school don't make it home, don't make it home But I need protection From people like me It becomes an infection Becomes a disease It's been a long time since I held a gun To the head of a man in the name of love It's been a long time since a bullet flew From the laws that were passed by the powers that be In the land of the free In the land of the free You could go fully automatic Give me all that cash You could go fully automatic Give me all that cash You could go fully automatic Give me all that cash Fully automatic As an American, this is my right As an American, this is my right (This is my right) It's been a long time since I held a gun It's been a long, long time since the West was won It's been a long time since I held a gun To the head of a man in the name of love It's been a long time since a bullet flew From the laws that were passed by the powers that be You can find me at the same tree in the forest of the dead The same day every year when the leaves grow red You can find me at the same tree in the forest of the dead The same day every year when the leaves grow red Don't leave me a letter you can say it to my face Don't tell me you're dying to make the world a better place Life A sacred gift from your mother Life What are you giving her back There is no you and I in suicide 'Cause your pain won't die Your pain won't die with you You're just passing it on Your pain won't die with you You're just passing it on Your pain won't die with you Don't leave me a letter you can say it to my face Don't tell me you're dying to make the world a better place And she's there at the same tree in the forest of the dead The same day every year when the leaves grow red (When the leaves grow red) Life A sacred gift from your mother Life What are you giving her back There is no you and I in suicide 'Cause your pain won't die Your pain won't die with you You're just passing it on Your pain won't die with you You're just passing it on Your pain won't die with you You're killing so much more You're killing so much more than you More than you You're killing so much more You're killing so much more than you With all the lovesick drowning in the sea of trees There is no you and I in suicide 'Cause your pain won't die Won't die with you There is no you and I in suicide 'Cause your pain won't die Your pain won't die with you Your pain won't die with you Your pain won't die with you Another lonely name etched in the stone On a wall, in a cell, with a prisoners bone As the night drags its fingers over our eyes So, too do my fingers trace these outlines Lights out, lights out And the concrete slowly works its way into a man's heart Real world rules No missing evidence Real world rules No prison break Real world rules No tunnels to freedom Innocence was here Innocence was here Someone else's fail has cost you your life What happens now when the doors have slammed shut Lights out, lights out 'Til we think only with barbed wire brain cells And dream only of some long ago life Lights out, lights out As the screamers begin their lament In voices long shredded with fear and regret And the natural born killers Rest peaceful in their violent sleep Real world rules No missing evidence Real world rules No prison break Real world rules No tunnels to freedom Innocence was here Innocence was here And when somebody else's fingers have traced The initials I've carved, carved into the stone There was no prison break, there was no escape Someone else's mistake There was no prison break, there was no escape I was innocent all along Real world rules No missing evidence Real world rules No prison break Real world rules No tunnels to freedom Innocence was here Innocence was here (No missing evidence) (No prison break) (No tunnels to freedom) (Innocence was here) (Innocence was here) (It's humanophobia) (It's humanophobia) It's a feeding frenzy 'cause fear makes money And if you're dealing in fear you're gonna need some enemies (Need some enemies) So find me an enemy Find me an enemy You can not kill kings to flush out the jacks You, you can not kill kings to flush out the jacks (Flush out the jacks) And you would raze whole cities, even poison the sun For the few bad men who never loved anyone (It's humanophobia) We need more money So we're making fear But the fear needs a name And the fear needs a face Don't blame a whole race for the few sick fucks Who never learned shit and never loved anyone (Never loved anyone) You can not kill kings to flush out the jacks You, you can not kill kings to flush out the jacks (Flush out the jacks) And you would raze whole cities, even poison the sun For the few bad men who never loved anyone (It's humanophobia) Most humans never kill anyone, never kill anyone, anyone, anyone Most humans never kill anyone, never kill anyone (Never kill anyone) And you would raze whole cities, even poison the sun For the few bad men who never loved anyone And you would raze whole cities, even poison the sun For the few bad men who never loved anyone (It's humanophobia) All life is lost, the time has come All the love has gone I'm all alone, the only one I am your last son Look at us, who we've been and what we've become Shadows in a universe without a sun Is there anyone, anyone, is there anyone left with me Is there anyone out there tell me if you hear me I am lonely, broken, I am so alone out here Tell me where I need to go, tell me where you are right now What is life without an aim Everyday, the same Forgot to care, we hunted fame A never ending game Everything we had is worthless now Everything we need to survive somehow Is there anyone, anyone, is there anyone left with me Is there anyone out there tell me if you hear me I am lonely, broken, I am so alone out here Tell me where I need to go, tell me where you are right now Dark wastelands overshadow every smile Life is gone, life is lost I'm a broken man in a broken place Nobody won, we all lost instead (Is there anyone, anyone, is there anyone left with me) (Is there anyone out there tell me if you hear me) I am lonely, broken, I am so alone out here Tell me where I need to go, tell me where you are right now (Anyone, anyone) (Is there anyone, anyone) Is there anyone, anyone Anyone, anyone (Anyone, anyone) (Is there anyone, anyone) Is there anyone, anyone Anyone, anyone Lost in space, no rebirth An incurable scar This is the place we called earth A victim of war We cannot wait until the grass has grown To realize all our birds have flown Old traditions can be broken down Playing the only game in town Tell me what, tell me what makes a valuable person? Everyone, everyone is a unique version We get lost, we get lost in the human crowd We get lost, we get lost We get lost in the crowd Where everything's, yeah, everything's allowed So let us stay, stay Let us stay, stay Our daily routine is bittersweet As we feel more and more incomplete Old traditions can be broken down Losing the only game in town Tell me why, tell me why, why don't we ignore the ban Everyone, everyone has it on their own hands We get lost, we get lost in the human crowd We get lost, we get lost We get lost in the crowd Where everything's, yeah, everything's allowed So let us stay, stay Let us stay, stay On escalators we're standing on the right Against the crowds, we changed the sides We blindly understand each other And like the story to go further (We get lost in the crowd) (Where everything's, yeah, everything's allowed) So let us stay, stay Let us stay, stay So let us stay, stay Let us stay, stay So let us stay, stay Let us stay, stay I hated it every time, the captain is still in my head The shadow predicts the fall, one last war and then never again My back to the wall, my back to the wall foreseeable when Can I compete, can I compete, can I have permission? To dream, come clean, you are the problem To dream, come clean, you are the problem You're the solution, you are the problem You're the solution, you are the problem Find a quiet spot, take your best shot A private paradise, your private paradise When life is too long When life is too long but still too short (Still too short) I hated you every time but I never wanted you more Drinking the poison itself straight from the lips of a whore Slowly I drown, slowly I drown, down in the back of the well The poison itself, a chemical mess, burning a hole in my head To dream, come clean, you are the problem To dream, come clean, you are the problem You're the solution, you are the problem You're the solution, you are the problem Find a quiet spot, take your best shot A private paradise, your private paradise Let's go I'm counting away the days And it's almost as if life is wasting away And I'm dying inside and I'm killing myself Just to fill in a void that can never be filled Why I'm just a sucker for habits I'm ruining everything that I've loved Over and over The process destroying my mind And a soul I can never get back You are the problem It's never gonna change Find a quiet spot, take your best shot A private paradise, your private paradise (Paradise) (Paradise) Head under water So easy to get lost No need to bother Expect the worst Keep my head under water 'Til I'm unconscious Let's count the seconds together 'Til my heart is at rest I am on the way to the dead One, two, three, four A rush of blood to the head Five, six, seven, eight, stop You think it's just a second in a world of time But how much is it when it comes to dying One second can decide about now or never Will you stay or go, nothing lasts forever (Nothing lasts forever) Driving down the avenue out of town Which is the tree for you, let's count them down Driving through the night Straight through red traffic lights Should I grip the wheel tight Or should I just let go Do you ever think of staying underwater Eight, seven, six, five What is it that keeps me from doing it Four, three, two, one, stop You think it's just a second in a world of time But how much is it when it comes to dying One second can decide about now or never Will you stay or go, nothing lasts forever It's the heaviest choice to cross the dark line (Cross the dark line) 'Cause every time I try you stay there and shine It's the heaviest choice because you're in my mind (You're in my mind) Every time I try diving into the black water void You light me up (You light me up) In these dark times You light me up (You light me up) In these dark times (In these dark times) I am locked out, I am locked in The final nail in the coffin Underwater or under the sky I don't know how, I don't know why If we started again from the very beginning I'd still miss you, I'd still miss you A different path to the very same heartstrings That now form a noose, that now form a noose Passion becomes a prison And I'm trying to relive what I no longer feel Freedom is not free (not free) An apocalypse in heaven for me Slipping away from you Right through the bars of our prison cell I am locked out, I am locked in Holding the final nail for the coffin (The ashes of my energy) (Bring me to my misery) (If we started again with the same old delusions) (I'd still believe them, I'd still believe them) In my head, we're tied by the very same heartstrings That pull me straight down Passion becomes a prison And I'm trying to relive what I no longer feel Freedom is not free (not free) An apocalypse in heaven for me Slipping away from you Right through the bars of our prison cell I am locked out, I am locked in Holding the final nail for the coffin (The ashes of my energy) (Bring me to my misery) (The ashes of my) (Bring me to my) Slipping away from you Right through the bars of our prison cell I am locked out, I am locked in Slipping away from you Right through the bars of our prison cell I am locked out, I am locked in Holding the final nail for the coffin Getting away from you Right through the bars of our prison cell I am locked out, I am locked in Holding the final nail for the coffin  Is this a battle in my head? And all you did is cut me dead (And all you did is cut me dead) Hold one's peace or should I shout? Hold it in or let it out? (Hold it in or let it out?) I have gone through a bad spell Now listen to me Please stop asking me how I am today This is nothing I would call fine This was the last time In this battle of mine (In this battle of mine) I will let it out Am I still the cold winter morning? My always, my pleasure If you ask me: how are you? I would always say quite well (I would always say quite well) I have gone through a bad spell Please stop asking me how I am today This is nothing I would call fine This was the last time In this battle of mine (In this battle of mine) Sometimes we are hurt and bruised Completely shattered; that's the price we pay Sometimes the truth makes everything else seem like a lie Makes everything seem like a lie Still looking for a life, but I'm still alone And my galaxy came raining down Still looking for a life, but I'm still alone And my galaxy came raining down Came raining down (raining down) My galaxy Am I still the cold winter morning? My always, my pleasure Am I still the cold winter morning? My always, my pleasure Speak up darling! I can't hear you at this place These were the last days I stayed with you You are so far away from me but I still watch you Searching for a sign But you're on your own now To get it all or nothing Just safe our mutual days Or tear it all apart I wish there's something I can do Something I can feel for you Empty words, fallen lights So I run to lose my past Don't wanna suffer again But tear by tear I stumble and fall Until I slow down to stop I still can't say no! Speak up darling! I can't hear you at this place Present and past There's no coming back These were the last days I stayed with you And so I run to lose my past Cause there's no hope in jail Let's face the open road It's a one way flight And now I'm planing my escape A guilty mind leads me I open up my secrets You're so far away from me Say nothing, no say nothing Our eyes are screaming truth Say nothing, no say nothing Our eyes are screaming truth Our eyes... Say nothing, no say nothing Our eyes are screaming truth Say nothing, no say nothing Won't forget our common youth One guilty mind is leading me But finally I dare, finally I dare I wish there's something I can do Something I can feel for you All I can do is rewind And thinking back at our good times Hello, hello, baby You called, I can't hear a thing I have got no service In the club, you see, see Wha-Wha-What did you say? Oh, you're breaking up on me Sorry, I cannot hear you I'm kinda busy Kinda busy! I'm kinda busy! Sorry I cannot hear you I'm kinda busy! Just a second It's my favorite song they're gonna play And I cannot text you within a big mosh pit! You should've made some plans with me You knew that I was free And now you wont stop calling me I'm kinda busy! Stop calling, stop calling I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop calling, stop calling I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop telephonin' me! I'm busy! Stop telephonin' me! Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone! Out in the club and I'm sippin' that bubb And you're not gonna reach my telephone! Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone! Out in the club and I'm sippin' that bubb And you're not gonna reach my telephone! Girl, the way you're blowing up my phone Won't make me leave no faster! Put my coat on faster! Leave my dudes no faster! I should've left my phone at home Cause this is a disaster! Calling like a collector Sorry, I cannot answer! Not that I don't like you I'm just at a concert And I am sick and tired of my phone ringing Sometimes I feel like I live in Grand Central Station Tonight I'm not taking no call Cause I'll be dancing! Cause I'll be dancing Cause I'll be dancing Tonight I'm not taking no call Cause I'll be dancing Stop calling, stop calling I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop calling, stop calling I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop calling, stop calling I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop calling, stop calling I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop telephonin' me! I'm busy! Stop telephonin' me! Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone! Out in the club and I'm sippin' that bubb And you're not gonna reach my telephone! Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone! Out in the club and I'm sippin' that bubb And you're not gonna reach my telephone! My telephone! My telephone! Out in the club and I'm sippin' that bubb And you're not gonna reach my telephone! My telephone! My telephone! Out in the club and I'm sippin' that bubb And you're not gonna reach my telephone! This does not feel right So tell me, is the truth what you deny? We were something special for so long How could you think that we don't belong? We were under a screen of fog And it came from out of nowhere So I was lonely by the shiver in my voice For sure you leave me no choice Did I spend my off time without you? And all this time I chased you away All this time we wasted away Quite the reverse is true This doesn't feel real I feel so damn short changed And I hope there is more I can say I don't need your help I got this far all by myself You're welcome For sure you left me no choice But I needed to know, I simply must Let me put it like this I wanted to change the clock Listen closely to this The point you will still miss The point you will still miss The point you will still miss We are not starting up again I'm reaching higher than you ever can We are not starting up again I'm reaching higher than you ever can Just away with this mistake All these mistakes I've made All mistakes, all mistakes I have made Nothing will hold us save I feel so damn short changed And I hope there is more I can say I don't need your help I got this far all by myself You're welcome  She bled from every fucking hole. First step: rip out entrails From her bloody cunt, Nothing but a piece of meat, nothing but a whore. I'm sick and tired of fucking whores, I'm trying sodomy with saws; Let's see how fucking hot she is With her arsehole ripped to bits. Straight up her arse goes my blade, Thrusting deeply Nothing but a whore (OH) Fucker Disembowl her fucking body (make her feel it), When I'm done with you, you won't have a cunt left. We see a way We can restore our clarity (WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT!?!?!) Drinking and fighting, thats how we roll Getting fucked and breaking some skulls Never living on a "X" But they still feel the need to follow like a sheep (follow like a sheep) Drinking and fighting, thats how we roll Getting fucked and breaking some skulls Never living on a "X" Drinking beer, pissing on the thought of sober (mental date rape) Drinking and fighting, thats how we roll Getting fucked and breaking some skulls Never living on a "X" Quench your fear Down your fear Fuck all your judgment You're wrong Burn them, burn them down Dont live, you're life as shut off I take a good look at what lies infront of me Don't half feel like date rape (date rape) Don't hide all your life Why do we still feel the need to betray What's pouring through my veins My life, my way My body will feel, the Edge cant take me In every cavity, rotting away Gore Gore Gadget Extendo Dick The serpents lay in bile down below miles down way below the surface bloody waves flowing through its rivers unearthly winds blowing through its chambers Dead of light, dead of life, filled with hate He will conquer The worlds life and the divine light One day he will return He, the bastard son of a fallen angel he, the one who will bring god to his knees He. The bastard son of a fallen angel he, the one who will bring..... Genocide Of heaven decimate, the heavens heavens, will come, falling down down below, he'll show you pain And when he takes his wraith NOT EVEN THE ANGELS WILL BE Spared of death God has abandoned you, left to burn the bastard son of a fallen angel the bastard son has returned HE WILL REAP DEATH HE CALLS MY...NAME (He calls me, he calls me) He burns our fields across the land he burns our oceans he burns all our resources he burns all life The earth is gods grave free of pain and suffering  I am the ruler of these plaguelands; my reign drives fear into the heart of any man None will appose me; these corpses are mine. Their blood forever stains the land for the ravens to feast Their corpses are mine, none shall leave None shall leave. I am the ruler of these plaguelands; my reign drives fear into the heart of any man. The ghastly sight of blood and entrails leaves my mark across the land Warning signs for those who appose to show them who's the man Mother Nature cowers before me, clutching at her creations Bowing down and realizing I am the new god in town She can now see, I rule this land Crushing, bludgeoning you into dust Mushing, pounding you into dust Smashing, ripping, pounding your bones into dust I'm here to bludgeon you Now here I come, here I come to bludgeon you Ground down, viciously, pound down, horribly Ground down, viciously pound down into dust Crushed down into human dust I have come to fuck you, smash in your face The time has come for me to end, leave you in a ditch The time has come for me to Pound you with my dick til you're unconscious Bitch, I've shown you who's the bigger man She bled from every fucking hole! That bitch bled for days, she bled from every fucking hole Blood dripped from her exits First step; rip out entrails, through her bloody cunt Nothing but a piece of meat, a disease ridden slut Sick and tired of fucking whores; I'm trying sodomy with saws Let's see how fucking hot she is with her asshole ripped to bits Straight up her ass goes my blade, thrusting deeply Nothing but a whore Yeah nothing but a whore Disembowel her fucking body, Make her feel it When I'm done with you, you won't have a cunt left I guarantee When I'm done with you, you won't have a cunt left Blood seeping for her gash now, just as it should I don't know how many times I told her When I'm done with you, you won't have a cunt left Selling limbs from a bag was always my forte; I get my stock for perverted clients This is my store Thrust my rotting member deep inside her oozing gash, pushing deeply Pushing deep, as deep as I can, feeling blood squelch against my cock I like the feel of the worms against my shaft Fuck my stock, just for fun, just for kicks I like the feel of the worms wriggling on my cock Found my victim in the streets, told her body I needed it Then down in my basement I carved her Storing her parts in jars for my clients I drained her blood, so to embalm Death gets me off I am sick and I cum bile My knife is deep inside your fucking uterus Shut your fucking mouth as I'm thrusting My knife inside your sexual organs You should never be allowed to reproduce I'll make it my priority to wipe you out You fucking plague on humanity I'll watch your body twitch and squirm Carve your cunt like a 6ft ditch I only called you over so I could commit murder And rid this world of one fucked-up cunt You're the queen of filth and hypocrisy Spinning your web of lies and hate You don't deserve life, you fucking disgust me Your soul is dead And burning, you'll bleed for me For years and years you've sickened me Left a path of destruction in your wake You're the queen of filth, spreading hypocrisy Your soul is dead For years and years I have lived In your filth Your soul is dead Sew my cock in your cunt So we're eternally fucking They call me a creeping oozing son of a bitch Because the smell of infection gets me stiff I pound down on visions of perfection Using my fists just to get my erection They think it's gonna stop but its only getting worse As she starts to choke upon her bile Just a few more times my darling, your throat's about to split From all the built-up bile that is now filling it That's right, just let it out The bile burns your mouth The stomach acid corrodes your teeth, there is no doubt Jeez, I love that smell, so I rejoice in it Watching the blood drip from her ass is a sight not to be missed I fist them til they're sick Did you really expect me to bow down to you And follow without question? What do you mean, I'm living in sin? There's no nice way of informing you of this But I'm a living infection, I've come to cripple Once it starts I wont stop until I hear the crack So just remember to swallow There's an everlasting taste of failure Did you really expect me to Bow down? I will never bow down without questions I won't stop and and I don't stop and I'll never stop til I hear the crack I wont til I hear the bones separate I will never bow before you, this is my throne This is my throne, no god rules me Kneel before the tomb of disease Decimate all Standing at its doorways, ghostly shrieks approach me Distorted by the air Kneel before the tomb of disease The stench, the smell of dismemberment pleases me This place will be my tomb; it haunts me Ghastly shrieks, pungent stenches, this is my resting place This will be my undead fortress My soul reigns eternally On my throne  Sent down from above, i am no angel My forked tongue bleeds nothing but hate Pure hate The path of the divine has long been forgotten And his earth will remain a frozen wasteland Forked tongues flicker casting sweet blasphemy I wade amongst a sea of serpents, in snakes i bathe Oh serpentine creature Bless me with the wealth of pure darkness For i have enslaved his kingdom in your name Excreted his remains upon his holy land As i lay in a blanket of scales A widening grin smeared upon my face I bathe in the tides i have created As i watch his legacy turn to ash Oh serpentine creature Bless me with the wealth of pure darkness For i have enslaved his kingdom in your name Excreted his remains upon his holy land I am pure fucking hate Just like your saviour, your world is condemned The sound of laughter inside your head Don't you wish you were born dead The sound of laughter inside your head Makes you wish you were born dead Born dead, you make me fucking sick!! No future, no guilt, destined to walk the line of mediocrity Nothing can become of what is born dead A society taken in by your wall of smoke Cloaking your face, a disposable entity Born with the intent to breathe but never achieving your goal The sound of laughter inside your head Don't you wish you were born dead The sound of laughter inside your head Makes you wish you were born dead Born dead, you make me fucking sick!! The entire human race will acknowledge you as the earth's biggest mistake Existence is defective by nature, as we lie in our own filth and stagnate Failure was inevitable Close your eyes, and prey that you don't wake up Lay in your own filth, you have to future, no guilt Destined to walk the line of mediocrity We, we took your soul, there was no remorse as we dug your grave You were a cancer and we cut you out We, we took your soul, there was no remorse as we buried you And they'll be no tears as we spit upon your grave The sound of laughter inside your head Don't you wish you were born dead The sound of laughter inside your head Makes you wish you were born dead Born dead, you make me fucking sick!!!! I am hell!!! Sworn to black, to the legion of darkness A crown of thorns replaced with human bone Underneath the moonlight i speak the sacred oath The sun begins to wane as my words grace the air And the blood beings to let upon the altar The slaughter of the lamb, the day turns to night As the darkness starts to flow into my body As the rain begins to fall, and the wins begin to blow The reign of darkness has begun and we will never let it end We are the legion of darkness Sworn to the black opposer of the light Sworn to darkness, forever at my side Sworn to the black, opposer of the light Sworn to darkness, do my will The sun begins to wane as my words grace the air And the blood begins to let upon the altar The slaughter of the lamb, the day turns to night As the darkness starts to flow into my body We will bring down all of divinity As we follow our instincts to kill Unholy legions sworn to the black Toasting the blood of a thousand infants They stand as one under the light of the moon As they masturbate upon the cross Sworn to black, to the legion of darkness A crown of thorns replaced with that of bone Underneath the moonlight i speak the sacred oath I am hell!!! The age of the storm has come And with it the end of man The rise of the hybrid race And the crowning of a new darkness In darkness we cease to exist As we fall into emptiness The winds blow freezing the earth to the core Nothing can live on in this endless storm Can you see the instinct to kill within my eyes The thirst for blood is overwhelming Man's foolishness is sickening This its the age of emptiness The skies above are growing dark The age of man has come to an end As the fires begin to diminish Our blindness has lead to ultimate demise In this sunless, eternal winter Our power is taken from our hands before our eyes As man cowers before the might of their race We surrender our freedom and our lives Now and forever we cease to exist Now and forever we do not exist Can you see the instinct to kill within my eyes The thirst for blood is overwhelming Man's foolishness is sickening This is the age of emptiness The great storm is upon us and with it comes the greatest threat Man has ever known, those too weak to stand up and fight Look to the sky with their arms open wide Consumed by emptiness in the absence of their god This is the age of the storm There will be no survival This is the end of mankind There won't be a trace left behind A catastrophic series of events Leading to the demise of civilization Our days upon this earth are numbered For the foolish this is prophetic revelation For the intelligent this is inevitable Existence is a burden i am too tired to carry This was not our choice As the final hours tick down, the rules of modern man disappear as crime now is the law of the land, devolution Fuck! Military forces, fall under the power of their masses Crushed and killed by hybrid armies What have we become, slaves We have become slaves The joining of two races Catastrophic hybridization The end of civilization Catastrophic hybridization The sun has fallen, raise your hands to the sky and watch them burn Total contamination, leading to eradication We must prepare for what is to come and accept our end I will rise as the earth falls I will always stand my grand We will fight for what is ours Until the day we die The cause has been before our eyes for centuries But we are too blind to see The merging of our leaders and alien race The absolute end of all we known They have achieved their aim Total devastation and enslavement of the human race Our leaders have betrayed mankind Modifying our dna to suit their needs An ancient race of a higher evolution Controlling us for years by misinformation Catastrophic hybridization Is this the end of time or just the rebirth of the world We don't have a say, it's in their hands now.. A holy icon Shining down spreading dogma It's rays suffocate me Blistering the skin of my effigy A blinding icon Burns our eyes, branding our minds Its rays burn through my skin Exposing the demon within Its glowing rays burn into our eyes Creating a divine state of control Flooding our minds with holy propaganda Closing our eyes to a world of lies Branded by the holy flame Fooled by the trinity The rancid flesh that cages my true form Is slowly falling from me Revealing my true face, humanity will now witness As i plunge this world into suffocating darkness Rise, as the halo of the slave earth shatters Appointed leaders, lay cold and blue Worshipers drag the swamps searching for a martyr Step into the void, embrace my emptiness Everything you worshiped, now crowned in shit Branded by the holy flame Fooled by the trinity The rancid flesh that cages my true form Is slowly falling from me Revealing my true face for the whole world to wee In order to free our minds We must impale the sun The age of the church is dead When the sun falls, darkness will rise Humanity will witness the dawn of a new kingdom As we step into the age of enslavement Engaged in time, torn between two worlds Swallowed whole by consuming vacuums Dematerialized hands reach to the sky Turned xenon through matter displacement Witnessing the passing of centuries This is non existence Trapped between worlds Frozen in time in a portrait of souls Salvation, isolation, desolation of life Swallowed whole by portals in time And my soul escapes me, i fade away Entwined through the centuries, finally coming to an end Frozen i stand watching the ever decaying new world Drawing breath in the realization, that everything may be nothing I only exist by your wish, neither matter nor being Is this really existence!? Engaged in time, torn between two worlds Swallowed whole by consuming vacuums Dematerializing hands reach to the sky Turned xenon through matter displacement Witnessing the passing of centuries This is non existence Trapped between worlds Frozen in time in a portrait of souls Salvation, isolation, desolation of life Swallowed whole by portals in time And my soul escapes me, i fade away As i stand before the end of time I wish to meet my own spirit The walls of time come crashing down As time and space implode, discretion The third dimension, reduced to nothing As we remain trapped in future echoes This is non existence Kill!! The entire world thrown into chaos Our military reduced to dust by advanced weaponry We are told to face the inevitable As we continue to fight in vain An uprising has formed against the human race Using radio frequencies to trigger mass obedience Their main goal the enslavement of our kind Through subliminal mind control technique Kept in a cryogenic state, injecting our veins with mind altering drugs This is no longer existence, this is a take over Total submission through injected obedience Cryogenically frozen our right to evolve The earth has now fallen into an eternal winter A casket of ice now encases our greatest achievements This is the rise of cryogenica We are the cattle bred for slavery As we fall victim to a viral war We will fight with every ounce of strength Until we wind up dead upon the abattour floor Kill!! Suppressing individual thought patterns To gain supreme control The advancement of their technology A thought process far beyond the human mind An uprising has formed against the human race Using radio frequencies to trigger mass obedience Their main goal the enslavement of our kind Through subliminal mind control technique The rise of cryogenica The bones of the ancients lay silent in the dust. Entwind with the remains of the resitance. I stood somber admist the remnants of a war forght in vein. As I look upon their bones I knew it was my time. In the absence of the sun, I stood somber admist the storm and witessed the aftermath of heresy, and the fall of the divine. My eyes transfixed upon a distant shape. Glowing, drawing ever closer. I watched as the shape drew near and before my eyes turned into a demon. He stoped in his tracks before me. Upon his head layed a crown of fire. The flames flickered as his eyes met mine. We stood motionless in the storm and he spoke to me. "I've seen all that is to be seen, I've heard all that is to be heard. I am all knowing but still I am empty, I'm so empty." He forged this crown from the flame of mankind, but the sadness of the world laid heavy on his brow. He can no longer bare the burden of humanity. The bones of the ancients lay silent in the dust. Entwind with the remains of the resitance. I stood somber admist the remnants of a war forght in vein. As I look upon their bones I knew it was my time. Right before my eyes, the demon turned to ash upon the snow. I took the crown, as the winds took his remains to the sky. The Wolves Gather Around me howling black lullabys. Their songs enslave even the strongest man in sleep. As we slumber the snow erases us. Wiping clean the slates of time. Whitnessing the end of the world we know. Wiping clean our existence. In the absence of the sun, I stood somber admist the storm. The crown of hell laid heavy upon my head as the world fell into the black slumber.  Yeah, and when the sun goes down and the moon comes up We fucking run this town, armed to the teeth, young and dumb We don't give a fuck about anyone. We are the criminals you read about We are the scum society could do without We stand by everything we've ever said And we'll be buried in a bad rep when we're fucking dead We're everything you said and more We've got the wolves howling at our door We know your game of get rich quick We ain't falling for it So suck my fucking dick Buried in a bad rep Try ta step to me? are you fucking mad? Yeah we got a rep and yeah we know it's bad But we know none of it is true its all down to dirty snakes like you Yeah, and when the sun goes down and the moon comes up We fucking run this town Armed to the teeth, young and dumb We don't give a fuck about anyone We are the criminals you read about We are the scum society could do without We stand by everything we've ever said Your band is fucking shit! We run, this town, we say, whats going down we cant be stopped! It's hard to sleep when there's a knife in your back It's even harder to hold back when you want to attack (so I won't) No one respects you, we all hope you choke You're not a man, you're a fucking joke You're a fucking joke! I gave you everything, I made you and then erased you Lying like a worm to your family, fucking pathetic Goodbye my friend this is my final word If you ever cross my path I'll stomp you to the curb You're fucking dead to me You're fucking dead to us And now I'm fucking pissed. No one will remember your name no legend or fame They've forgotten You waste of life So just take a look in my eyes and you will realise I ain't joking You waste of life We fucking hate you I don't care about your life and if you died today I wouldn't give a fuck You're a fucking joke And if you came to me begging on your knees I wouldn't feel anything I'd spit in your face I know you're weak, we all know it's true All your bullshit has finally caught up with you You stole from friends, now you've lost them too Karma's a bitch and so are you They say that we should always follow our heart but what if mine was already dead from the start Trying to find something that can not be found, while the weight of the world drags me down On this cold dark road you'll forget who you are and realise who you're meant to be Over time the only thing that's stayed by my side are these grey clouds hanging over me I am loosing my mind I can't go on this world is fucking killing me It will all be fine if these grey clouds stay over me They say that we should always follow our heart Well I guess that I was fucked from the start Broken hands, dead on the floor lying in the dirt, begging for more On this cold dark road you'll forget who you are and realise who you're meant to be Over time the only thing that's stayed by my side are these grey clouds hanging over me I am loosing my mind I can't go on this world is fucking killing me It will all be fine if these grey clouds stay over me Everything is falling down around me And I don't know if it can be saved So say your goodbyes to the ones you once loved Before you lay their bodies in their grave Pure fucking hate There is no love, there is no respect. All we have is hate and misery In this world full of agony I'm not a nice man I'm fucking miserable I don't care about anything, anyone I don't believe in love All I feel is hate And no god determines my face I am the face of hate (hate) And you will know my name I am the face of hate And you will know my fucking name My dying words to the world would be Fuck you All you pricks tryna run your mouth Fuck you My dying words to the world would be Fuck you And if you think I respect you Fuck yo too No respect No respect for anyone There is no love, there is no respect. All we have is hate and misery In this world full of agony This world is agony I fucking hate every single one of you Fuck  Retreated into obscurantism, Followers blinded by the Creed. Heterodoxy... Heresy... Profanity... Glory. Few are the dissidents, Desecration shall be the way. Heterodoxy... Heresy... Profanity... Salvation comes from the excrements of their mind, False hopes to forget the fears. Blasphemy as a reaction against mediocrity, An oath to curse them all. Satan is the hegemonic tool and weapon. Addicted to icons created by man, Disciples of immature beliefs. Intolerance against weak human creations, Sacrilege is the key. I am the Abomination, The anathema of all religions. Chant the Paean of Apostasy... No meaning to life, death is almighty and rules the macrocosm. Human myths made as a denial of the simple truth. A dust among dusts, man is unaware of his true condition. The joy of breathing so futile and pretentious. Waste of flesh... Worthless creatures... Aversion for existence... Consumed by an utter hatred. A moment will come, with no turning back, Preceded by a feeling of relief. My soul is prepared to join the nothingness. Immortality is a lie, nothing before, nothing after. No possibility to hear the cries of the remaining ones. The final end to the suffering and illness that is life. Tired of waiting... Permanent nausea... Unbearable agony... Everything is so useless. Waste of flesh... Worthless creatures... Aversion for existence... Consumed by an utter hatred. Useless world ... Useless life... Terminate it. Moaning, gasping and screaming, suddenly waking up in a harsh way. Impossible to realize what is this glacial and dark place deprived of light. Only a repulsive stench and this penetrating noise that never seems to stop. The impression of having been tortured and left naked on the floor. The moment to move and search for a way out. Alone and crawling through this labyrinth. Still no sign of light, hallucinations start. All senses confused, as an overwhelming horror. Paroxysm of pain, drowning into the unknown. Trapped without any concrete explanation, no answer. Scratched hands on endless walls without door, a frantic search. Making the choice of eating dejections as a survival instinct. No memories, the past has been erased, the material world vanished. Patience is lost in a flood of anger. Heart beats tearing the harrowing silence. The concept of time does not exist anymore. Slow suffocation, devoured from the inside. A pathetic quest leading to nowhere but insanity. Finally doubts disappear, No nightmare here but life itself. A soul imprisoned in a body, With death as the only escape. A constant decline of humanity, Yet a growing number of parasites. The epidemic of life never ceases, And let the vermin proliferates. An inferior race So arrogant. A total flaw In the evolution. Anti-human terror... Let the world perish. Repugnant procreation of abject beings, Vomit on those thoughtless natural instincts. Anti-human terror... Let the world perish. Annihilation of all future generations, No exception for this mad expansion. Anti-human terror... Let the world perish. No remorse for a global infanticide, To exalt the genocide of mankind. Hate against philanthropy, The pestilent mass eradicated. Anti-human terror... Let the world perish. The climax to see people die in torment, The almighty doom as a triumphant ending.  In the early stages, Choices must be made. Trust or suspicion? Constant doubts To build thoughts. Harmful or safe? Empiricism To build existence. Determine what is spiritually possible For all forthcoming experiences. Feel the passion and desire flowing a river. Pride as basic pathway. Light... Light will disappear in the end. High pressure augmenting. Coldness and heat. Elementary sensations. A journey so long yet short. Beginning of the tunnel Liberate the ego, Dawn of energy, Survival activation. Forming behaviours. Awakening completed. Submissive or dominant. Aggressiveness released. Freedom through wrath. Fear, Or struggle. Strength. Courage. Indifference. Determination. Deities and demons... Infernal and fighting. Rationalization... Of all the visions.. Protected from the chaos, anxiety has disappeared, Master of serenity, Correct selections done, Unshackled trip, Capable of carrying on. A life like territory, Partly unexplored, Towards elevation, And self illumination. Delivered from dread, Into the emotional balance. Back to the world in three dimensions, Made of animal reactions, Constructing the wealth of the mind, troubled by mankind. Learning from reality, To achieve derterity, Rejecting clumsiness, And other forms of blindness. Controled predictions, Generating inventions, Out of the environment,, Setting aside all torments. A conception of the universe, Above mediocrity, Against inferiority. Attaining knowledge, Helped by hallucinations, Increased perceptions. Concentration... Comprehension... Aim of the soul... Structured beliefs... Imaginary myths... Real or unreal... Nothing holy.... Self-devotion... Beyond the body... Close to wisdom... Differentiate from lies... Conceiving time, Surrounding logic, Artifacts and systems, Symbolic awareness. To evolve in tribes, Social affrontment. Introduction to transgression. Pleasure of the flesh and soul. Establish customs, Moral and immortal, A mind free of illegalities, Everything under will. Broken vows from the past, Constituting everlasting ethics. Discovering an unknown radiance, Through recurrent ecstasies Orgasms without restriction, To break habitual boundaries. Primitive but enriching mating, Love only exists through sex, Consciousness now making, Disintegration of guilt. Culture must be transmitted Across the streams of aeons, reproduction is unnecessary, No shame to drown in sin. No trust in others, The sign of maturity. Objectivity so pure, A control on destiny, Realizing into quietness, That divinities are falsehood. The rules are concentric then, Embodied in sexual transcendence. Reprogram the mind, To know it perfectly, Encompassing all cells. Excited nervous system, Happiness and sadness are merged In a voluntary contraction. Dominate the emotions, In sensory rapture, Humble and high. Liberty is near, Satisfaction is never total, But bring to superior levers. In a decadent free fall, Chemical delight, Taste strong desires, Outburst of senses, Erotic whirl, lust glorified. Multidimensional glee, Overlooking the spacetime continuum. Spiritual possessiveness, Hungry and thirty for the void. Detached from the world so dull, To live in somatic hedonism... Somatic hedonism.... Full of contempt. What is needless must be ignored. Murder is natural component of terrestrial life, No grief to kill any kind of living creatures, Even family and other human circles. Death and famine are a motivation, Intoxicating any form of vitality, A mediation so futile, A nonexistent exit. Independent from other patterns, On top of the previous adjustments, Decisions are made instinctively, Standard doctrines put appart. Relationships Like telepathy An own fate, To foresee. To decide coincidences No luck or misfortune. Instead of complaining, Power and creativity. A pictorious mental battle, Immunity to normality. Now eyes can see An electric destiny. Out of the body, Close to the white light, The cycle continues, An impression of immortality. Repercussions... Without importance. In harmony... Guided by hatred. Facing the nightmares, In a virtual Hell. Genetic memory under way, Past lives surfacing, Allegories of wisdom, Magic created by the soul, Understanding that after all, This is fully illusory. Against the collective unconscious, The spirit is raised above all. Evolution depends on this, Not on the randomness. A universe so blind and impersonal, Below an individual enlightenment. Sanity is abstract, No other judge than the mind. Whatever happens, Uncertainly vanishing, Pain is meaningless, The mastery is unbounded. The ways to superiority, Trailed as if they were, Bloody rivers. Free from dogmas and theories, To attain the supreme liberation, The intellect rose and fell After a life deprived of contrition. The clear light must be extinguished, To eliminate reality and dreams, Intentional rejection of reincarnation, To break the wheel rebirth. To be psychic is not supernatural, With practice and experiment. The highest scepticism, To gain the greatest purity, An intergalactic consciousness, Before the definitive departure. Abortion of the astral projection, To end the sojourn with alien entities. I am my own god and overlord, Enlightened by darkness and death. Quantum acquaintance, Let each atom return to nothingness. Chaos theory, Destroy a world constantly in flux. When everything has been done, When hope is forever gone, Its time to get to the black hole, To dissolve my life as a whole. Do not underestimate, The power of the spirit, But do remember That each particle is mortal. And the last state leads me To my atomic demise.  She brandished the knife above them, And stuck it in the screaming pieces of flesh. Soon silence could be heard again, A necessary act has ended. Praise mass abortion, And slaughter of newborns. Time to revive the tradition, Their fate must be sealed. Pour the blood of the offspring, Each new birth is a shame. Decimate the foetus out of the womb, And any living human larvas. Massacre of fellow men is instinctive, The natural selection shall begin again. For a voluntary extinction of our species, To generalise children sacrifices. Condemned by all religions For unjustified reasons, A practice among animals That should be common for all. Male or female... Healthy or disabled... Buried alive or suffocated... Drowned or thrown to dogs... Stop the process of evolution. Abandon the influences of creationism, Let your own Satan guide your hand. Glorify the infanticide, Death to useless beings. The race is destined to die, So cease to breed now, Or kill with vehemence.  Close your eyes and imagine the world in which you live in Open your eyes and admit to believe in hope is vain Truth has been corrupted by time, the future is of no importance now Only earthly pleasures are left, optimism disappeared forever No reason to keep on fighting, no more, no less than a daily disgust Dissapointed, immense anger, poisoned mind, lost expectations Life abhorrence Only negative thoughts remain, alone yet surrounded by crowds I face the reality with repulsion, disturbed by human futility Wishing the devil would exist to create a new concept of life Sorrow turned to hate, innocence gone, twisted desires, supreme rebellion Fading appearance, life abhorrence Emotions are a part of the blind ones, naive fancies such as love and happiness A lifetime is a detestable illusion, it only leads to nothingness Glorification of death The beginning of a life, a kind of extended funeral Relieved by the sovereign of all, yet so concrete and obscure On the last step as a pedestal, the monarch can be met only once Time to abandon everything forever and leave this shell without regret I could kneel down in front of you, but I'll join your arms with my head high A presistent grief is over, then the path to nothingness Any torture will be pleasant because this is the end at last Exaltation of all senses, a final orgasm, the ultimate ecstasy Like a real bliss, intense and blind, ejaculation of the soul and no cosequences Nothing has a meaning when confronted to death Glorification of death Finally it replaced life, even death is no more Why did it take so much time? Answers are pointless, words are not enough Why don't you come with me? Nobody came back from this mysterious void Abstact concept, but deep and absolute An invisible violence and a destiny so certain Human vanity is crushed eternally Eyes can see what once was palbable, uselessness is before you Flesh and bones rot and turn to dust, time will take everything away You can't understand, you can't realize Don't even think, don't even try A fear of death so dim but there is only one way To be saved fatefully, cross the bridge right away One solution to erase humanity and all the rest towards emptiness What is next has no relevance, no escape from the nothingness achivement Nothing dreadful will happen now, mortality is a satanic intent By my own hands or not, I will rich oblivion soon  My world seemed perfect so warm and full of harmony I saw a future so constantly... But I was blinded by the light I did not see what was behind I did not recognize the truth Instead, I put my trust in you I forgot that trust means pain I forgot that nothing is forever I forgot that life's an unfair game Witch you can't win, never ever! It's hard to push forward while everything I desire lies behind me... I will not recure what went wrong I will not be a fool anymore I will not be as blind as before Never again! After all I'm alone in the rain but I've learned to strangle the pain To see my life in a different point of view I no longer care about you! Do you know the kind of feeling Which says everything’s alright While you know it's not? Do you sometimes take a look in the mirror Asking yourself what’s wrong What is true and what’s a lie? I remember the day that changed my life forever I remember the moment that opened my eyes Since them I’m different, not the same anymore Life showed me a better way, I just had to open the door I hated myself for so many years I fought, night by night, thousands of fucking tears But I have learned that my point of view is the only thing that matters I have learned to accept the fact that I’m just not like others! Days in grey, senseless hours There were so many, I stopped to count To save my will to live I did not see the beauty of flowers, The green of woods, the smile of the sun I was forlorn in agony I hated myself for so many years I fought, night by night, thousands of fucking tears But I have learned that my point of view is the only thing that matters I have learned to accept the fact that I’m just not like others! I hated myself for so many years! But the chance of a new life was always near! I changed my life, walked a new line instead of an old one But in the end I am as blind as before and I’m still not like others! I can remember times of peace and of complacency where fear was a fairy tale my parents narrated me but my world turned fast into a desolate place in the dust of time no one else around me, just their old forgotten signs! When I close my eyes, I feel loneliness for beyond redemption When I close my eyes, there is nothing left but isolation so many people surrounded me, my whole life long but like shadows fear the sun, they are all gone! All this places where I have been for so many years are now just naked stones, they all lost their souls... Cold winds invade the forsaken streets like no human being had ever walked the earth... is anyone left out there? I am lost in my memories of colors and lights I forgot all morality and I feel numb, night by night Faint reflections of the past are watching me through broken glass and mirrors hate and charges fill their empty eyes, icecold and motionless, trapped in eternity More and more I fall into a trance, everything around me fades into grey! Reality and ficition conflate into a world that shouldn't exist! Paranoia - anxiety states... I feel haunted, there is no way out! Step by step I'm losing my mind, insantiy prevails, takes over command! My eyes wide open, my blood's running fast I am caught in delirium, am I alive at last? Is it air that fills my lungs, or was it all just a dream? Is it all just in my head and not as real as it seems? While the world is high on fire And everything we are used to be Is close to falling apart We act like there is nothing, Nothing that tempers delight, Nothing concuss’ our lives And forces us to hell! All around me people telling their stories About how great and selfless they are! But if you need help without reward Nobody’s there, no one cares! They always said: 'become whatever you want! Just catch your dreams, just think you are a special one!' But you’ll grow older and you’ll see how real life is! Broken dreams will haunt you through the nightside abyss! I will live my life Without these inner strife! Just be a man of his word! Among this perverted world! Just a few out there will understand my vision And not many of you deserve my trust! But for those who always stood beside me I will walk through fire and dust!! I didn’t see the blue in the sky Although I knew the sun was shining so bright For such a long time I had no clue if I was alive After years in darkness I step into the light… again. And still I hear the call of my inner voice I still see the shadows behind the lights Again I’m running 25 hours a day The sins of my past right next to me Again I know that all this beauty I see Soon melts away like dreams in the dawn of a new day! The night falls apart Colours return to life Feelings, so long forgotten Fulfil my soul again! I hurt myself today To see if I still feel I focus on the pain The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole The old familiar sting Try to kill it all away But I remember everything What have I become? My sweetest friend Everyone I know Goes away in the end You could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt I wear this crown of shit Upon my liar's chair Full of broken thoughts I cannot repair Beneath the stains of time The feelings disappear You are someone else I am still right here What have I become? My sweetest friend Everyone I know Goes away in the end You could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt If I could start again A million miles away I would keep myself I would find a way  Today is when the voices in my head stop screaming my name Today is when The die is cast and all doubts are fading away Today is when my sorrows are losing importancy I have lost all faith I'm right on the edge and I'm not here to stay! Tear down the walls between reality and the world beyond Burst your limits and follow me into pure ecstasy! Distorted visions, blurred reflexions - I'm losing control! Haunting retrospections the voice of the past screams for my soul! An evermore rush Commands my mind! I can't give enough to pay the price for the healing light! Choose your way to leave this place! No more fucking compromises! It's the day of reckoning! The time has come to spread your wings! Today is when the voices in my head stop screaming my name Today is when The die is cast and all doubts are fading away Today is when my sorrows are losing importancy I have lost all faith I'm right on the edge and I'm not here to stay! Tear down the walls between reality and the world beyond! Return to your roots! Follow the heart that beats deep inside of you! Listen to the sound of the rain that falls towards the ground and sing your very last song about the realm where you belong!﻿ Just watch the sunset and listen to the wind In peaceful silence, hear the voice within Take this moment, it's all that I can give A tearless farewell as my very last gift! There is no reason to grieve for me I am not gone forever, I just break free! It is predestined to leave this world in solitude But someday you will follow, be sure someday you'll cross my way again! Gentle creeks drawn in soil like silhouettes of another world A breath of wind tells of somber fates but all those sorrows dwell so far away! Just watch the sunset and listen to the wind hear my words, I'm the voice within! Take this moment, it's my last chance for one last farewell, for one last dance! There is no reason for you to cry I have left this place, but I have not died We always knew that nothing lasts forever So one day you will leave as well, one day you'll break this worldly spell! This life felt like an endless search for the place where I belong, for my saving resort! This life led me to the gates of what we couldn't see to find my final shelter, where I'm not just a refugee! You saved my life for so many years But I had to pass the threshold, beyond my fears I've seen this place in my dreams night by night My own Refugium, my own realm on the other side! Mellow lands so old and wise like untouched clouds up in the sky A breath of wind whispers your name oh please come home, this live was just a game!﻿  Read the signs within the fires! Feel their message deep inside! Hear the voices of those shadows and hear their songs across the night! We are nothing but flying sparks, small lights thrown into the void. A gleam of hope, where darkness prevails! Some came to remember, some came to forget Some came to burn... to burn what they regret! And while the moon soon lays to rest We will stay to give our best, to do what must be done to guide our friends towards the sun! Incende quod adorasti, adora quod incendisti! I – the wanderer a nomad of the other side transmitter of old secrets roaming through the tides I –the warrior the shield for the weak I call the ancient ones The spirits within, the ghosts of the past oh, deliver us from sin! This is my sacrifice invoking the forces beyond The fire's burning deep inside In the name of life, for those I've lost, I carry my cross! The essence of existence expires like the embers of an ashen dream But light shall return in innocence with the first gleam of a yet arcane divinity! I – the messenger the voice of the speechless keeper of the flames, of the face with many names! I am the silent shout awakening the petrified A guardian of old a flame of the gods the saviour of the lost! This is my sacrifice invoking the forces beyond The fire's burning deep inside In the name of life, for those I've lost, I carry my cross! Sometimes in my dreams I see the lands that I once called home I see eyes full of joice full of undiluted hope! Sometimes in my dreams it takes my breath away to hear the whisper of the winds telling what no one else could say! Reflections of old manifest the transience of all that I behold of all that once was told! I tried to clutch what I've lost long time ago what haunts my soul when I close my eyes and let my mind go! A monument that I can't touch 'cause it's too great to reach A monument that I cannot see 'cause it's too wide to percieve. Sometimes in my dreams I see the lands that I once called home I see eyes full of joice full of undiluted hope! Sometimes in my dreams it takes my breath away to hear the whisper of the winds telling what no one else could say! Oh father tell me about the sun about the universe and why we did what we have done! Oh father show me the way to go the way to do things right like our people did long time ago! Why do we speak while we have nothing to say? And why do we behave like we were gods, day by day? Reflect what we are relearn to believe what you feel Reject what they preached and return to what's pure and real! I wish you could see that this world is a place of energy! A realm of wisdom, a place of light, a shining fire through the night! For years I struggled through starless nights! Sheer endless darkness Sheer endless fights! I've lost my vision! I've lost my way! No colours, no light! Who took the sky away? This journey was a long one without an aim ahead! I found myself down on my knees in conversation with the dead! Begging for an answer to the question of life Begging for pain to prove if I'm dead or still alive! Soundlessly a shadow lies at my feet A silent companion, the only friend I need At a place like this, concealed and full of strength I wish that you could see what no one can but me! I was given just one second To decide to leave or to stay As this path knows no return So I made my choice and I passed this way With every step Another burden of the past Grew pale, just faded away Released my heart towards the end of the day! It feels like I'm dreaming Like the day conquered the night! Every single stigma Covered in guiltless white. The grey old river congealed in all its dignity Completes this blink of perfection before I find myself ...again! Bleak are the times for the ones lost in darkness Denying the forthcoming fall of the light Cold is the world while our dreams lay in ashes The sun remains a memory in this never-ending night We burned what once was sacred, destroyed the source of our strength We followed a god of destruction spinelessly we marched towards the end! ...towards the end!!! Now that I'm nothing but one with the soil I've no more to offer but blood, sweat and toil Now that I'm trembling down on my knees Remorse is my companion, forgiveness what I need! The voice of nature, as the only irrevocable law, is tired of talking... of screaming (!) for prudence! There is no need for nihilism, no need for insatiable greed! No need to defy forces beyond human mastery! How many must die to slake your thirst of power? The earth, drenched in blood, will soon demand revenge, (so) how many bullets will be enough?  Father! Where have you gone? We need your eyes in times of filth Instill the shame, provide the blame Invoke the guilt Because the flesh takes on a life of its own I know that I can’t be left alone So be my hands, and be me eyes, and be my soul Hands fed to the churning gears of industry Devotion shifted, subverted Legions frothing at the mouth A populace now enslaved by the temporal Compassion cannot be bought Salvation cannot be achieved without suffering Absolution cannot be sold His message must be heard Christ thrown on the assembly line Mass production His message must be heard At the behest of His word Hypocrite! Whited Sepulcher! Liar! The blood on your hands is washed away by your divine lie Ravenous! Run through your lines to appease your huddled masses Ravenous wolf! Miscreant vermin! I know that you never had a soul From this point on, to watch you die will be my goal Counting the earnings stolen from the weak and broken The dissonance of manufactured faith left unspoken The struggle for utopian morality spawned dystopia Ravenous wolf! Pharisee! Impenetrable void covered with lies Chaotic burning inside It will rise Trauma sustained grows into contagion Perniciously, it’s invading Pale sheath veiling the cavernous eruption Lacerate, expose this farce Facade For all to see Feel the need to spread the seed Infiltrate infection Crawling in black corridors lurks the reaper of dignity Entering the sewer with innocent curiosity But leaving with the seeds of corruption implanted Blooming into an exquisite shield The leather around the neck and the bolts built firmly into the skull Ripped and stomped apart So far beyond redemption, I can’t be saved With vehemence I contaminate and realize fulfillment Lured into a foul apparatus Injected was a code for the crux Soon the need will fill you, to break apart the delicate structures Watch the circuitry dissolve into a viscous puddle Exposing the tender meat contained inside This blood tastes right Displaced retribution Pray for my exemption Immortalize this sickness Share with you malignancy How can I shed before it spreads? How can I triumph over my own tendencies? To cut through the darkness and reach into the light So it feeds, slowly Imploding, deeply Lacerating So it seems it has me kneeling To spread pestilence of the seedling Wretched seedling Invading every breath I’m breathing To birth repellant pudenda Struggling to fight the onslaught But sinking into my pit of pathology Wretched seedling Invading every breath I’m breathing So it seems it has me kneeling Searching for somewhere I can point my finger No, it’s no one’s fault but my own Nothing can be done to stop the malevolent cycle Our fate is sealed While I fade it will gestate metastatic growth will draw breath As I melt, it rears its head If it lives I will be dead Humiliation sold by the pound To shrewd narcotic kingpins and dealers of promised happiness All brought to you by the architects Of cathode ray reality as they properly fatten our delusions Until they develop mouths of their own Feed me. Inject the propaganda Reduce their suffering through the somniferous radiation Conceive another thoughtless carbon Attenuation of empathy Through force fed apprehension and principle Manipulation of pulpous clay Perspective and reason will perish and decay Emissions of conformity Subliminal slavery Contempt! Lying in disgrace is the mind that does not seek truth Remove the blinders, unveil your eyes Shed the skin anew Ignorance is strength. Power in numbers Plug into the network that destroys all subversive thought Insubordination Step in line Conditioning instruments control your mind Taxidermy, lifeless eyes Disembodied, the blood’s runs dry Painted facade Hate and greed dressed in disguise Cause and effect Stuff those holes with mesmeric diversion Narcosis How those ornaments dance and shine Mystified by the serpentine There are shocking new developments that you can’t afford to miss Nursing that fear into obedience Oligarchy! The power that slipped through the hands of the comatose masses Into the few Silenced! Silenced is the voice of the ones who can’t see through lies Sacrifice my privacy because I need to feel safe Okay then, you just wait ‘Till the lens is turned on you Treated like a criminal They watch everything you do You’re sufficiently subdued Subdued…criminal The only way to rule is through force and intimidation Through your weakness they stand to gain Leaving a trail of poverty without blame There are shocking new developments that you can’t afford to miss Holding onto our willful ignorance Choke. End of an era. New age of desperation This fool, this victim of his own device Let open the gates of all the teeming demons yearning to be free Show me the place without greed and deceit and Ill show you A fantasy Can you feel our impermanence looming? In the clock of infinity we are so inconsequential A veritable breath. A passing glance, a blip The blink of an eye Your status and your precious things Your money and security Mean nothing when the walls are crumbling The earth will shake, the waves will break And in mounds well be rotting In the eyes of the nebulous we are so reprehensible Lets flush it away Consume it all until we eat ourselves Suffer! Its my only restitution. To watch the masses scramble To watch the process begin Depopulate. Reduction. A cleansing of the cancer Detoxification. Lets flush it away Choke Choking on the excess of your senseless human greed The broken backs you're burdening To maintain all your precious things Its unending slavery And I'll be happy to watch it all rot away Show me a place that is truly divine and Ill show you a place Without mankind Can you feel our impermanence looming?  eye ex nihilo out of the alpha swirling nuclear density expanding, contracting, interpenetrating cell walls touch, but I need an opening thine infallible tessellation made flesh reaching out of the orange dawn fingertips beholden to a remote microbial sphere 26 orbs spiraling snaking around her wooly legs a wind blew, shaking the web and knocked a globe off course gyrated and submerged into amniotic oceans encircling her fertile core igneous ascends like an offspring prosimian wail igneous ascends like fire from the sky His good earth is born like venus crucified forged in his shape hands embracing flame diminutive puppet thumb reaches around a rib bone a slave of his own given the choice of subservience or destitution you cannot be me there was one and now there's three eclipsing the sky with a babbelling menagerie feeble hands reaching at immortality but the serpent-stung wrists bleed draining the venom for eternity you're my mistake and you'll always be beneath my divine grace this touch is pure ordained from the highest order above through the shadow of the needle's eye of my own camelot glow mammon gushes at my offering of stillborn hope rotting within me devouring youth while my millstone rings hollow enter my temple where the cleric begets swine purity is rape and salvation is genocide your home is a grave spare no children spare no one savage heathen will conform to the sanctity of life (sweet flesh) sweep the soil clear of the cradle boards vital and ripe for siege and blight (sweet animal flesh) traded the manitou for the goldmine through the cracks in the stained glass I can see a dancing ghost of atrocity through the hanging tomb inverted spectacles of torment without the veil of the unfurled flag I see slaughter-bound human freight in waiting lashes upon the back inverted brand upon the chest lord knows I have a pale glow I can't just take off my halo even as I stand on your grave it's still a master and a slave The land is cleared to stack my house of cards my ossuary palace reduced to shards there voices fall upon deaf ears on the the side of the veil buried by law from Wounded Knee To Warsaw they saw a prismatic justice awaits us all the only reparation is reclamation spare no children spare no one recurrence eternal a false beginning with a tricky ending it's all played out before the greatest error doomed to repetition invert this loop oscillating mirage dream conform to my new rebellious anarchic military state I can settle down in a vivarium if the cell wall are wide enough to let me spread my wings I submit to you sharia in the sky and maybe if you repeat a lie often enough it could set you free! bleeding knees plasma ticking and smoking imminent flesh-fueled bomb feels like I've been on my knees too long defined only by opposition what am I without my scapegoat on which I project my venomous rage? how may I exalt myself without the cloak of purity? all the pages buried within your vault will not shelter my eyes while you get under my skin assimilate and push that rock up the mountain again another revolution another curtain-parting puppet show reveal resentment there will always be no matter who tops the hierarchy blind man sees internally when there's no witness to the fall all the desecrations hidden in your vault will not burn out my eyes while she's executed in honor, martyr my skin is steel your nails won't break through for every stone lodged in the cross for every raped and plagiarized ascension it will die inside her jagged womb his papal occupation blind woman sees through janus eyes the one, the three dead before it's alive now it's time to get off of your knees the vault is open and her spirit has risen you're redeemed open your eyes don't swim upstream in the infant trinity's sea of lies reverse the tide reverse the lie set us free Defected at the start my will bent at the knee for the hallowed prospective award doppleganger-bound pantomime singing necrotic hymns of resurrection I drain the poison plasma that runs through me I can't wait to melt away wax marionette unbound vibrations the light greets me all of my life I have been waiting this shell is nothing release me! release me from this poison of plastic flesh give me the ichor plead your case transforming into realms of ecstatic decay nine pairs of eyes revolve around my guise I can see the divisions melting by the light of the fallen one tempting me once was the man whose law is writ in stone tempting me twice was the man whose blood I've known no one can tell if I'm shackled or on a throne tempting me last were the seven swords for chipping bones no wrath no vengeful god denying your right to affirm your life and live it now your heart, mind and will are your only laws I am the omnianthrologos, I'm the serpent this is my flesh-bood kingdom and mine alone blasphemy! every breath is sin the division line a condemnation fire raining down from the absolute I will suffer through this decrepit fallen state pay off my carnal debt and receive the prize awaiting me I'm so weak I can't control the motions of the earth stone grip slipped and let it go I taught myself how to part the red clouds and scale the sky climb my gold chains but I hit a reflective dome ceiling looked into my own eyes and he said "they've gone away forever! break the chain, embrace what's ahead, together!" My cathedral surrounds me from my chorus of canyons to the hymns of my rolling blue hills but my head slipped into a steel trap severed the connection and put under the microscope landscapes on a platter, reduced to code lasso-tied, conquered, bound hard disk obelisk penetrating dirt mound embers drowned dust to dust ashes, ashes you don't define me bury me head-first into the ground absorb and plant my seed bury me alive plant the seed nourish me so I may sprout how advanced am I? not enough land for my mass graves how much progress have I made if I'm still alone and enslaved? pavement dreams haunt me as steel gives way to sand and sea my plastic rotating cage deteriorating and fueling a new all-consuming seascape lunar force colliding, breaking containers spill back into the source dust to dust ashes you're my only destiny Eye for an eye flesh of my flesh my kingdom's blind and skinless I need to feel their hate in my veins you bore the brunt of a fascist placebo now you'll play my capo kill for me, taste the blood like the spilling waves of your source's executioners wake I need to feel your hate in my veins tear the skin, inject the rage fuel to their bombs and the other sides tanks doping on your bloodshed as the stiefel 's on the other foot absorbing the power of frenzied annihilation with enemies like these who needs friends? your only ally is your pain racking up the losses of my gain more recruits for your torture paradise spin it around camouflage our twisted symbiosis a threat to our way of life cowards infringing soiling our chosen river a shadow on our beacon shining beacon light reflecting off pillar swords of authority my duty, honour, country rest on my trigger fingers because I submit to the blessed first and last I'm entitled, god given the right to poison the well with the blood of your kind chosen, saved, kneeling living dead, disappearing act, judgement conflicts cancel perfect dissonance out of phase nucleus rapture bones dancing out of graves I'm playing all sides reverse prism into black I am chosen, I am saved my messiah has a tail between his legs sandy stage is set and I'm chosen, saved and kneeling only you can consolidate to eradicate my suns final arrived with charred flesh as your bride and a treasure that awaits us in the other side Stare at my characters morphing from eye light reciprocal waves emitting from the demiurge shape-shifting forms coverage in our collaboration mother's divine misconception begat a surrogate corporeal state prosthetic arms strung out against canvas bathed in pudendal light the eye of sandwich board judgement the dawn of a phantasmagoric self-incepted lens sacred spindle give me life by the eye of collective melange before I shuffle of this voice coil will I connect my actuator nerve? seems we met before at your insistence or maybe fresh-clouded lens light? I know you bear the power if arm retraction hear me out and I might break through those eyes I need to reallocate my soul bits virus latch and live through you you're an extension of me after I reach cylinder zero and a hard error head crash or cause unknown neuron-actuator flesh drive magnetic pulse indexing your spine crystal lens through eyes you're informing me behold our conjoined creation I am your thought-relay transducer whose creating who? after the song fades I'll take you with me joined together in silence we've been the same the whole time just a projection of you curtains closed Her song is so alluring she serenades with silence our collaboration rings in a new flesh transmigrate this rotted platter into a holy drum follow me into the new infinity oblivion has an offering and it is my black swan my only sun my only daughter tickles your pink canal frequencies synthesized my only son drives the cross into your grey lobe this black swan breaks this incessant cycling of mutual exclusivity either/or zero or one pitter patter over a bridge to yesterday as the moon danced in her eyes and the sky swayed she uttered some words, but I don't know she's only there to prop up and glorify me another cog in the wheel of a bit rate the circuit spawn of our union crawls in our head worm writhes in my spiral core blazing towards the edge the edge is the centre after is before feel the need to contain my seed and crystallize a thought this tumor earth can't support more weight carnal blood ripping disk platter into synthesis bi-chrome helix seashell cracking exposing tendrils centre is the edge and the edge is the centre and we start again synthesis black swan my children live gestating in your grey space in your pregnant mind  J'ai changé, mais en étant toujours moi-même J'ai poussé, j'ai poussé les choses à l'extrême Bousculé, poussé dans le cul par le système Certaines choses ont su tarder Un pas, un pas par en avant Dix pas, dix pas par en arrière Vite, vite, on va manquer de temps Prisonnier, dépouillé de toute lumière Yeah, yeah, awaye, nous sommes tous sous pression Yeah, yeah, awaye, nous sommes tous sous pression J'ai gratté, les cordes qui expriment mon point de vue J'ai saoulé, mon pauvre cerveau dépourvu D'idées, des idées j'en ai de plus en plus Certaines choses ont su tarder Un pas, un pas par en avant Dix pas, dix pas par en arrière Vite, vite, on va manquer de temps Prisonnier, dépouillé de toute lumière Yeah, yeah, awaye, nous sommes tous sous pression Yeah, yeah, awaye, nous sommes tous sous pression Le temps persiste mais nous on y résiste Fait que pousse pas avec ton rire stupide Penses-tu que j'ai un quotient de zéro? Vois-tu? Crois-tu que j'ai une poignée dans le dos? Je vais foncer, je vais foncer la tête la première Vous surprendre, c'est bien ce que j'ai envie de faire Et pourtant, je vais garder mes yeux grands ouverts Certaines choses vont plus tarder Un pas, un pas par en avant Dix pas, dix pas par en arrière Vite, vite, on arrive juste à temps Libéré, ébloui par la lumière Yeah, yeah, awaye, nous sommes tous sous pression Yeah, yeah, awaye, nous sommes tous sous pression Une bombe à retardement Alimentant la menace Plus qu'une simple question de temps Pour que ça te pète dans face Compte à rebours finalisé Détonation assourdissante Déflagration exagéré Haut niveau de puissance Dévore... je dévore... dévore... je dévore... Tout sur mon passage Saccager, ravager par mon outrage Aucune raison de m'arrêter Ni l'âge, ni le temps ne peuvent m'épuiser Vous me prenez peut-être pour un fou Mais moi je fais ce que j'aime Un poing c'est tout Pilonnage dans ton cerveau Cataclysme symphonique De ta bouche, plus un mot Harmonie destructrice Dévore... je dévore... dévore... je dévore... Tout sur mon passage Saccager, ravager par mon outrage Aucune raison de m'arrêter Ni l'âge, ni le temps ne peuvent m'épuiser Vous me prenez peut-être pour un fou Mais moi je fais ce que j'aime Un poing c'est tout Maintenant tout a explosé En pleine face, défiguré Plus qu'un souvenir à garder Pour tous ceux qui t'ont aimé Dévore... je dévore... dévore... je dévore... Tout sur mon passage Saccager, ravager par mon outrage Aucune raison de m'arrêter Ni l'âge, ni le temps ne peuvent m'épuiser Vous pensez peut-être que j'ai tort Je stopperai qu'à ma mort!!! Io son partito, in una sera Sperando di trovar lontano un po di fortuna E nel partir, tutto dovro lasciar Questo è'l destin, questo è'l destin Di chi vuol emigrare Lassu sui monti, dove son cresciuto Pensando a tutte quelle cose, che ho lasciato Ma nel mio cuore, mi vien la nostalgia Di dover lasciar, dover lasciar La bella patria mia Questo è il destin Di chu vuole emigrare Forse un giorno tornero Per ci stare Sotto terra Questo è il destin Di chi vuole emigrare La vérité choc, pas sur la même longueur d'onde Les mots s'entrechoquent, quand nos idées se confondent Avenir inondé, débat interminable Ton temps est expiré, caractère exécrable Haine Ma haine est éphémère Nous sommes du même sang Toi mon frère Le mal incarné, tu t'enroules autour de ta proie Cible assassinée, tuée par le son de ta voix La force de tes mots, entaille perpétuelle Tolérance zéro, conduite inconditionnelle Haine Ma haine est éphémère Nous sommes du même sang Toi mon frère Haine Ma haine est éphémère Nous sommes du même sang Toi mon frère Ne comprends-tu pas? Que malgré tout ça Je ne te déteste pas Bien au contraire Toi mon frère A choice is made and it ain't no game One life to gaze in this world we praise Choose to make a new life you say Make it, breed it, teach it and believe in it A situation so fragile It needs to be well thought out Well what do you know? You gave this life... Everything you had to give You gave it with your own heart You gave this world a new born life Raise it, free it, see it and love it A situation so fragile It needs to be well thought out Well what do you know? You gave this life... everything... oh yes you did! Is this it? Is this the key of life? The only way to beIs this it? Is this the key of life? The only way The choice was right without a doubt The life you made has made you strong It made you see, it made you feel All the love you had inside A situation so fragileIt needs to be well thought out Well what do you know? You gave this life... everything Sans arrêt, démocratie Pour libérer... injustice culturelle Dévoilée, publiée En mille et un, antagonismes Sans vergogne, médiatisée Pour déguiser, mensonge ou réalité Un peuple choyé, peut décider Entre un oui ou un non Et le temps passe, ad vitam aeternam Et la bombe grossit, ad vitam aeternam En ce monde à retardement Ici le choix, plus loin le roi La guerre l'emporte, sans valeur... ni remède Politiciens, promesses... promesses Pour y gagner, un ou mille votes de plus Pays sans choix, rassemblement £liminer... politique inégale La force l'emporte, sur l'injustice Sur la justice, pour tous Et le temps passe, ad vitam aeternam Et la bombe grossit, ad vitam aeternam En ce monde à retardement Le temps est passé, ad vitam aeternam La bombe a détruit, ad vitam aeternam Tout ce monde... retardé BOUM!!! L tous les jours tu me consumes L tous les jours je suis dans la brume Les jours paraissent interminables Regardant le plafond couché s'a table Besoin de ta présence dans mes veines C'est toi que je veux c'est toi qui règnes Dans ce corps qui quitte ce monde Qui a déjà un pied dans tombe Et je pleure Et je meurs Sans un stress Allégresse T'as pas fini de m'endurer Mon compte à rebours est démarré Plus que quelques mois à vivre Je me suis placé dans ton champ de tir Mais qu'est-ce tu veux t'es comme un dieu Tu peux m'amener o ce que je veux Je te donne mon corps qui quitte ce monde Qui a déjà un pied dans tombe Et je pleure Et je meurs En silence Sans souffrance Maintenant je vois plus la vie en rose Mes journées sont pas mal moroses Mon corps a quitté ce bas monde Je me suis mis les deux pieds dans tombe Mais je pensais ben aller plus haut Pour que tout redevienne plus beau Y'a un gars appelé Lucifer Qui me fait la vie dure en enfer Et je pleure Et je meurs Sans un stress Allégresse Et je prie Et je crie En silence Sans souffrance Sans limite, sans dessein Sans rancune, faut bien finir par se comprendre Avec un mot, avec un signe Avec un geste, communiquons sans perte de temps Dans ce monde, o l'homme se cherche Se cherche un but, comme s'enfuir de sa déchéance Dans un même but pour finir par bien se comprendre Sans limite, sans dessein Les limites de mon langage signifient les limites de mon monde Los lìmites de mi lengua significan los lìmites de mi mundo Sans frontières, sans barrières Sensationnel, va-t-on finir par se comprendre? Avec un mode, un mode d'emploi Pour nous guider, s'entraider sans contrefaçon Alors pourquoi? Pourquoi sans cesse? S'acharner, pour quelques minces différences Dans un même but... pour se comprendre Sans bon sens, à cent pour cent Je t'en sacrement, faudrait finir par bien s'entendre Dans ce monde, o l'homme s'enfonce S'enfonce dans l'intolérance Laissons tomber, nos différences Voyez donc, nos ressemblances Dans un même but pour finir par bien se comprendre Sans limite, sans dessein The limits of my language signify the limits of my world I limiti del mio linguaggio significano I limiti del mio mondo Siempre han tenido esa ventaja De sentimientos no tienen nada Asì nos eliminan uno por uno Sin placer ninguno Màquinas, de hierro y de metal Hombre, flojo y carnal Nuestro valor es insuficiente Para combatir el perfecto jinete Sistema de defensa implacable Vencerlos es impensable Màquinas, de hierro y de metal Hombre, fràgil y mortal Maquinaciòn La rebeliòn de otro mundo Dominaciòn Acapararse del futuro Y no dejar a uno vivo Un producto de fascinaciòn Nada màs que una ilusiòn Nuestra existencia... comprometida Nuestra pérdida... definitiva Màquinas, de hierro y de metal Hombre, flojo y mortal Maquinaciòn La rebelliòn de otro mundo Dominaciòn Acapararse del futuro Y no dejar a uno vivo Tous les jours on cherche, tous les jours on repasse Sur les mêmes fragments de notre existence Pièce par pièce, je me bâtis... coulé dans le béton Tous les moyens sont bons pour y arriver Laisse-toi pas tomber, laisse-toi pas faire Prends ton temps s'il faut, trouve les bons morceaux Toutes les pièces y rentrent, toutes les pièces y "fittent" Dans c't'ostie de casse-tête qu'on appelle la vie Perds pas un morceau, fais y attention Laisse les pas traîner si tu veux y'arriver Laisse-toi pas tromper, laisse-toi pas faire Prends ton temps s'il faut, trouve les bons morceaux La vie est comme un casse-tête Tous les jours on cherche des morceaux Pour en arriver à sa fin Le jour o j'aurai trouvé tous mes morceaux ça sera svrement le jour de ma mort! Too scared to know, what the truth is Ignorance is growing, anxiety is exploding Questions and questions, frightening answers Contamination of an uncertain future Both of us are to blame We were two in this game There's no way we're gonna choose This is it... win or lose My mind is in decay, my soul in disarray Should I cry? Deserving to die? Unconscious murder, brings no more reactions Reckless situation, provokes the slaughter Both of us are to blame We were two in this game There's no way we're gonna choose This is it... win or lose I don't want to be a killer Even though I am a sinner Stop me before I do it again Voices in my head Screams from the dead Is there any chance To see light at the tunnel's end Step by step to the unknown Both of us are to blame We were two in this game There's no way we're gonna choose This is it... win or lose I don't want to be a killer Even though I am a sinner Stop me before I do it again Voices in my head Screams from the dead Is there any chance To see light at the tunnel's end Step by step to the unknown Culpabilisé par mon innocence D'être resté bouche bée devant tant de souffrance Au mauvais endroit, au mauvais moment Alibi impossible à ma défense £chos de murmures Résonnent entre ses murs Mépris de la masse humaine Mon espérance devient... haine Aversion... répulsion... croissante frustration Folie... grandit... étrange anomalie Satan... Dieu... qui guide mes pas? Sentence purgée... y'en a qui vont payer Pour m'avoir pointé du doigt Faisant une lecture trop à la lettre de la loi Accusation... coupable! Sans jamais avoir entendu de marteau frapper sur la table £chos de murmures Résonnent entre ses murs Mépris de la masse humaine Mon espérance devient... crainte Incision Pendaison... constante évolution Mourir!? Souffrir... martyre... détruire... tenté d'en finir Face à moi-même Ma délivrance... s'ouvrir les veines!!!?  I can see forever forever in my brain Images and words that caused so much pain I just wanna know I just wanna go Wherever this may take me Break the bounds that holds me I'm virtually insane Every day in every way More the same I'm going insane Every day in every way I play the game I can see the whole world Through a new perspective Eyes of another Becoming so addicted I just a little more Fulfill the need That haunts me I am gettinf bored I'm virtually insane Every day in every way More the same I'm going insane Every day in every way I play the game Look...Look...Look how he suffers Need...Heal... Feed my hunger The urge is stronger I'm feeling weaker Total disorder Watching from a safe place on the other side Through the wavy waves witness of a crime Control my own potential try to fix the mental Take me to the scene open the machine Took to much for granted we should be ashamed But on the other hand tell me who's to blame? I never stop always on the go Doing your job is why i waste my time for Being fed up you've become a vicious foe Can't you see t hat ... I'm exhausted I'm out of breath I keep on cause i always try to do my best I'm exhausted I'm out of breath Don't push i'm falling in excess You always hide never on the run Forever behind is your main position Waiting in line For something to be done Can't you see that .. I'm exhausted I'm out of breath I keep on cause i always try to do my best I'm exhausted I'm out of breath Don't push i'm falling in excess Want to do something Find a way Don't wanna do anything Nothing more I'm exhausted I'm out of breath I keep on cause i always try to do my best I'm exhausted I'm out of breath Don't push i'm falling in excess Out of breath out of breath !!! No you're gonna take me No you're not gonna tame me Cause everytime i try to look deep into your eyes You blink and run away without a whisper Still obsessed with all this excess Heading to happiness without success Take me for granted I'll use you to the core Take me for a fool I'll abuse youy to the core My life has been broken my dreams have been stolen Cause everytime i seem to have the energy to fight You loose again without a battle Still obsessed with all this excess Heading to happiness without success Keep the fire burning, Feed the dragon within You feed my anger that tears me up inside It's my obsession thar eat's me to the bone Take me for granted, i'll use you to the core You're the snake who's tempting me You're the lock throw away the key I'm the fool I assume but i quit despite the promises Cause we are who we are Nobody's gonna change us a part of us that atays intact Nobody's gonna fake us for a greater impact You're the devil in disguise think you're perfect so wise I'm the tool of your plan but i quit despite tje promises Cause we are who are Nobody's gonna change us a part of us that atays intact Nobody's gonna fake us for a greater impact ... is imminent Stronger now Just let me be just let me be Show you how Just wait and see just wait and see We are who we are Far beyond the limits challenge the time Numbered and living through statistics Divine creation re-born generation The new millenium will bring a different race Another pawn in the game Plugged into to see to feel to be A new anomaly our history is the same Waste away By this hi-tech resurrestion Lead the away We're living constant modifications On and on to progress reaching new heights The completion is now in process Our own creation recerse situation The new millenium will bring a different race Another pawn in the game Plugged into to see to feel to be A new anomaly our history is the same Waste away By hi-tech ressurrection Lead the way We're living constant modern modifications Victims once again Of our intelligence Foolish to believe That we are getting better On m'accuse souvent de sombrer dans la nuit Pensez-vous vraiment degager autre chose que l'ennui L'atmosphere m'écrase de tout son poids Les garde-fous sont la les garde-fous sont la Je fuis Je m'éteint Tu suis mon destin Non...Non ... Non! Garder les yeux ouverts éveillés tout mes nerfs Rien ne m'empechera de finir mon combat Au loin les images s'entrecroisent Je sens mon corps plonger dans une autre phase Reflexes amortis tout au ralenti Les garde-fous sont la Juste pour moi! Je fuis Je m'éteint Tu suis mon destin Non...Non...Non! Garder les yeux ouverts éveillés tous mes nerfs Rien ne m'empêchera de finir mon comabt Même si j'dois m'surpasser pour accomplir cet exploit Je fuis Je M'éteint Tu suis ma...ma destinée Non...Non! Garder les yeux ouverts éveillés tous mes nerfs Rien ne m'empêchera de finir mon combat Même si j'dois m'surpasser pour accomplir cet exploit Blood will follow blood!!! A natural excitement For some of us will provoke A thirstiness inside us Is awakened at it's sight From the mystery and feel for the bite then... Blood will follow blood Death will do us part Life will never die Time can never end Mortal lives will be damned All our sins will be denied Take our pleasure Take our pain Immortal sins can be used To make us live through the night then... Blood will follow blood Death will do us part Life will never die Time can never end Evil blood... will rise Dracul! you've starded it all with your mythical Obession for blood and terror You've terrorized enough souls for a lifetime Of hellraising pain, will it ever end ? Will they ever learn that blood will follow vlad!!! It seems like nothing's going fine Stopped at the same place All time! Can't go any longer They pusheds me on the wall I'm being unproductive Hope this thing won't go too far Tension rising Chais coming Blank sheet terrorizing What's next ? Sorry but i'm stuck I know i'm having problems No luck! Losing all my power Waiting to be stronger Meet my holy saviour I am having many doubts Cause I can't see... No way out! Tension rising Chais coming Blank sheet terrorizing No way No way out! No way There's no way out This way total black-out Stand still paralysed Unable to match these rhymes Different sound at the end of lines Empty spaces open wounds Harmonies are out of tune Fill this virgin mind Who's going blind Will tomorrow be ? A better day for me ? Stuck stuck stuck stuck A game of passion with a little twist For all the glory of a brave new world What started out a simple game Appears to have broken into shame Fanatically proven to be insane Is no excuse to create ... ... create some pain Sport of madness adrenaline rush For a major victory is worth the shot What started out a simple game Appears to have broken into shame Fanatically proven to be insane Is no excuse to reach ... ... reach a goal Goal!!! Goal!!! Empujados por el viento Vamos navigando hacia el horizonte Desconocido es nuestra trayectoria La distancia que nos separa del punto final Un colpo di vento piu forte que l'anima Sentil dolore que scende del cielo Na voce ti parla di un nuovo mondo di una nuova terra La vita e come una altra si spegne in un momento Una fiama nel silenco un grido mai sentito per lamor del cielo La morte non si parla si pensa gia abastanza Ti viene in un colpo da dietro sensa ti guardar Nei occhi quel martire The other me the me in you Same or different shame on you Double part double mind double vision out of sight This is what you've become I am winning again Don't feel sorry i don't repent Your time came to an end Who am i ? Be the other Fight... strike... die... beat the other Saw you from the corner of my eye Did I give you a piece of my mind ? Copy this copy that you're just an opposite Personality split This is what you've become You are struggling again Feelling weaker day by day My reign as I say Who am i ? Be the other Fight... strike... die... beat the other Things don't seem to be as bad as I exepted This is giving me a lot of self-respect One for all but I walk alone I'll make you crawl under the stone Don't know why we're living this lie hatred inside This is what we've become We are fighting again Growing stronger rigth in my face Learning more from my mistakes Who am i ? Be the other Fight... strike... die... beat the other Tout porte a croire Que le diable l'emportera Dans son univers Monde réservé aux gens qui comme moi On un peu de vie devié de la bonne voie Ni foi, ni loi Souffre - douleur De ton sang froid Je n'ai plus peur Criss de menteur Laissez-moi croire En cette petite lueur d'espoir Homme attaché oublie son destin Tout en respectant ... lui et son prochain Ni foi, ni loi Souffre - douleur De ton sang froid Je n'ai plus peur Criss de menteur Surtout faites en sorte Que le diable m'emporte N'allez pas croire que je vais me sauver Ce long couloir difficile d'y échapper Je dois reconnaîtremes erreurs du passé Alors tout devient noir... a force d'avancer  Invisible man, invisible man Invisible man deat man ... dying !!! Let me be the martyr of this ceremony Injected fear, infest tour reality Crushing your stability to the ground I am, I am everywhere... I'm all around Just another victim, no warning ever given Disciple under command, fight as an invisible ... Man from impure civilization building up a war to stop us from salvation Watching your security tumbling down I am, I am everywhere ... I'm all around Just another victim, no warning ever given Disciple under command, fight as an invisible ... The sign shined so bright That I since blindly follow My hands to the sky I'm the closen one to beat him hollow I am contagious, you're not my friend Pleading guilty for a crime against humanity You shall diie !!! Can you feel the rope... the rope around your neck Ready to do anything... kill... kill to protect Crushing your stability to the ground I am, I am everywhere... without a sound Just another victim, no warning ever given Disciple under command, fight as an invisible ... Invisible mans, Invisible mans, Invisible mans... dying for a god !!! Strike down Demons are forever With their black hearts They stand alone Alone together In withing the minds They can't erase the time No one can change their minds Time can only tell If they can only keep the spell Strike down Demons are forever Burning in pleasure Breeding in fire With much desire Well awaits us all Wings to make 'em tall Giants they become Freeding off the soub If they can only keep A straight fowaard muthafuckin' spell Why can't you see that up only belief Reflects not my reality They're all need for my pleasure and pain They can stimulate and tease me They cannot die, suffer or cry, with no denial They can see through your misfortune or madness Demons ... demons are forever Demons ... demons are forever free Why just tell me why Do i have to tell you everything twice Why just tell me why Do I have to tell you everything ... everything twice You don't listent me You just don't care to see What lies beneath Shaking your whole world is shaking Mistake after mistake, you're going down Faking... this misunderstanding Breaking your back, nothing in return Time and time, you're taking to much time Cross the line, you're commithing a crime Ain't so bad when they tell you what to do But it got worst when they are running after you Hide, I can see why you hide Behind a mask, a cheap, a fake, such a disguise I can see why you're blind, dying to see Wich way to serenity Holding the flag in the air Nothing here his changed Fasting...flabours infesting Guess you don't know wwhat the hell is going on Graving...lazy you're getting No looking back point of no return Sin on sin, the deevil is coming in Getting in, crawling under your skin Ain't so bad when they, tell you whant to do But it got worst when are running after you I see, your lies, the way your looking at me Your smile, black tooth, a stain an the portrait You're not taking anyking of shortcuts Straight, over limit, got no contrtol Turning everyone and everything completely nuts Your world is spinning around and around (why just tell me why, just tell me why) Around and around the world is spinning (Why just tell me why, just tell me why) Got no right to tell you what to do But down do it right, the next time I'm asking you Lost all control Dive in this hole Gyes opened wide This is so real Sole survivor your liffe is burning laster Weakness crawls into you deeper Caught in a trap Out of attack Think for yourself Becomingg someone else Perfection should be your ennemy Determination... obsessive injury Same, it's always the same Decay, day after day Figth on, gotta get some power Dream on, everything seem doser The futher you go The longer you burn Think...harder than it seems Witness that you have no more dreams Starvation...your soul is running dry Assassination...wondering what's your crime Same, it's always the same Decay, day after day Figth on, gotta get some power Dream on, everything seem doser The futher you go The longer you burn Burn...Burning the candle both ends Burn...Burn...Burning the candle both ends Peuple affaiblit par l'espoire de la richesse Aveuglé par l'icône à double tranchant Désillusionné que par sa propre volonté Insastisfait jusqu'à ce qu'elle paye ... paye... paye Crache le moton paye...paye La vie n'est plus réalité Désorienté par la négativité Ton corps, ta tête agissent sans même y réfléchir Un automatisme se créé, toute logique effacée Déboussolé que par sa propre vanité Insaisissable pourvu qu'elle paye...paye...paye Crache le moton ... paye...paye La vie n'est plus réalité Désorienté par la négativité T'es pas capable D'avancer tes affaires T,,en fait envaler des histoires T'es pas capable D'te défaire d'tes problèmes monétaires T'en veux, en v'là, "din" deents Aide toé, tombe pas Aide toé, comme ca Bien à faire ta vie te donne mal au coeur Dépendance chronique exige une aide subite Culpabilité que par l'espor imaginaire Insignifiant Gratte Gratte Gratte Compulsif affamé Pousse pousse pousse Ta chance n'est pas tourné Gratte Gratte Gratte Compulsif affamé Pousse pousse pousse Ta chance n'est pas tourné There's nothing, not a thing to be No one around, no sound surround Then !!! Rigth in my face, before my eyes Blinding me, wicked wheels Scenes from a vision already seen Memories are pushing, out of my dream When you don't know what the verdict's gonna be Well no, take me out let me be Get out the way, Get out the way Mindless is my head, can't seem to think Nothing behindd me, just foward in a straight line No one, nothing in sight Doing other things might not be the right time In your face... I'll be, In your face.... I'll be In your face... I'll be, In your face.... I'll be Face the fact there's no turning back Can't get out of track, feeling this attack Wake up, wake up now, stop draining all my life Face the fact, there's no turning back Can't get out of track, feeling this attack Wake up, , Wake up now, we might not make it back In your face... I'll be, In your face.... I'll be in your face There's something, running over me It's all around, the sound surround Bang !!! Rigth in my face, before my eyes Killing me, wicked wheels In your face... I'll be, In your face.... I'll be in your face I'm all alone wondering why Should I go on... go on with this life Incomplete, completely,deplete I have no fear, It's all so dear Stopped...by laughters and singing of joy Decisionn within iis destroyed Mephisto By my side, a dark ride Alone in the deeps of the night Mephisto Beholdd him noww as his laughters echoes Satan hear me calling Hell is on... is on the risen Be my guide eye for an eye Aa game to play, lost anyway Damn...the price to pay is my soul For a youth I can control Mephisto By my side, a dark ride Alone in the deeps of the night Mephisto Beholdd him noww as his laughters echoes back Fill all my illusions Break my hesitations Showing all the beauty That your world is differing me I'll sign your deal with hell On me you cast a spell Giving me the chance To live free, youg & to fall in love again Open the book of rules That's if therre's one to find Follow the path that's traced And don't you look behing Can't take this Won't take that Don't you point at me or trry to make me be Somekind of puppet I should not be And I'll ask you Why ? Not Why ? Not why ? Not Why be the judge of thisWhy ? Not Why ? Not why ? Not Why be the judge of that Too many minds to feed So little time to think You like to cheat your way Without even a blink Can't take this Won't take that Don't you point at me or trry to make me be Somekind of puppet I should not be And I'll ask you Why ? Not Why ? Not why ? Not Why be the judge of thisWhy ? Not Why ? Not why ? Not Why be the judge of that Got nothing better to do Ain't nothing you can say Nothing to lose It's my life so judge me not Ahi lo tienes Dispuesto a todo A cada vez Se loo ha pensado Nació de rabia Y dee contagio Nadie la para Dueño del daño Hay... Hay que cambiar La forma de luchar... Parar Ahi la ponde En medio dee todo A cada vez Acto bãrbaro Se hace victima Por destrucció No se da cuenta Su religioñ Hay... Hay que cambiar La forma de luchar... Parar Ya no tiene nada perder Esta vez, lo va a hacer Todo el sistema en la espalda Discreto loco, nos tiene jodido Perdiendo toda la razón Angel de la maledictioñ La mano criminal Hay... Hay que cambiar La forma de luchar... Parar Parar, parar, parar, parar Life ends now, the number on our back Fall down, the rising of the dark We have a target on our head Found dead, no nothing, no regrets This is it We have reached the point of no return Mean world symtom All hope's gone, a thing we can't deny Is lost, the meaaning of our life Through time, a gentle lullaby Fake things, no future, no respect This is it We have reached the point of no return Mean world symtom Stop now We have to keep the circle intact We have to be prepared for impact Improved version of ourselves ?? In this mad world in terminal Every day is so critical We are getting infest We are faiting the test Tue au nom de ton pays Ceux qui ne respectent pas nos lois Ce soint les règles, tu es soumis Pour protéger notre foi Le nouveau millénaire qui s'ouvre devant nous Les leçons du passé n'ont rien apporté du tout Tordu, sont ceux qui sèment le mal en nous Paranoïa, Paranoïa, paranoïa La table est mise pour un autre génocide Un autrte massacre, ,un autre bain de sang Chasse nos ennemis éphémère De notrre avennir prospère Gagne pour notrre dignité Propage nos mythes inventés Le nouveau millénaire qui s'ouvre devant nous Les leçons du passé n'ont rien apporté du tout Tordu, sont ceux qui sèment le mal en nous Paranoïa, Paranoïa, paranoïa La table est mise pour un autre génocide Un autrte massacre, ,un autre bain de sang Paz, peace, pace, fou moi la paix Paz, peace, pace, fou moi la paix Tout logique en arrière-plan Epargnez-moi les détails sanglants Qui se frotte si pique tout le temps Oeil pour Oeil, dent pour dent Le nouveau millénaire qui s'ouvre devant nous Les leçons du passé n'ont rien apporté du tout Tordu, sont ceux qui sèment le mal en nous Paranoïa, Paranoïa, paranoïa La table est mise pour un autre génocide Un autrte massacre, ,un autre bain de sang Paz, peace, pace, fou moi la paix Paz, peace, pace, fou moi la paix Melio vivère Un giorno Come un leonne Che cento Come una percora Melio vivère un giorno come un leonne Che cento come una percora Senza farti vechio, sent irti giouane Andare avanti sempre piu velace Mio punto e Fatti fatti tuoi Mio punto e Fatti fatti tuoi Fino a cuando ti senti piu forte Quando sei lontano nel piu profonce di le Guardati nel specchio con la testa alta E vedrai, vedrai nel tuo sguardo la forza di vivère Mio punto e Fatti fatti tuoi Mio punto e Fatti fatti tuoi Fino a cuando ti senti piu forte Melio vivère Un giorno Come un leonne Che cento Come una percora Senti la pace che arrivera Vicino, vicino ancora vicino La senti, la forza Che la diventar Senti la pace che arrivera Vicino, vicino ancora vicino La senti, la forza Diu grande piu forte  Never above you Never below you Always beside you Brother In this together? Is this forever? You're nowhere to be found The silence is all around Mute is the sound Each day is getting worse Visions of chaos Foresight Disastrous Living inferno Dying minds Breathing like fire Burning times Speculations of a war within Sad but true Chapter Chaos Begins A growing cancer Mortal behaviour Sickening torture Fatal Nothing's the same End of the game Just endless confrontation Opposite direction Brings frustration Each day is getting worse We are living a constant fight We are struggling to keep alive The passion of creation Looking through different ways No matter what, we will stay As stronger than ever Our friendship is magic That's why, that's why I rather let you go Than become your foe Always more and more The war is going on No one will stop it I can't control it Dig the hole myself While pain crawls through my neck I am no exception Contamination A shadow on my back Hostage forever to be found Searching many ways to put me down Half of me is very sane The other one has just gone insane So hard to resist Can't get over this I'm just another victim I'll cease to exist And still I insist No matter what No matter when I know how this is going to end I Am Addicted System overload Behaviour uncontrolled I'm getting weak Tied with a leash Becoming someone else Refusing any help Blood turns to hate All through my veins A shadow on my back For all the years of wait For all the time of Waste Understand this It's never to late My destiny unfolds Got nothing else to hold Forget the past Present will work at last Contortion Twisting my brain to become Something new Obsession Everything now is about what I do It's time to rise On my own two feet People who dare win I'll suffer the consequences The walls are closing in The vice is getting thin A time to change Before it's too late I'll be the one to blame If it all stays the same A time to choose All hell's breaking loose Now is the time To take what is mine No looking back Heading for attack Living for my own sake My voice will be heard I was never a fake It gets on my nerves I don't give a fuck And I don't really care I will be responsible For all the things I'll say and do No more regrets My own satisfaction Fight for my dreams A new resolution Despite what you think Give me what's mine A slice of the pie Arrival's not far Nothing will stop me 'till I die Suffer the consequences I'll take back what's mine Suffer the consequences I'll take back my life Les dés sont jetés Regard envenimé Le combat ne fait que commencer T'es là pis tu m'regardes avec ta petite face de morveux T'es là pis t'attends que j'te crisse mon poing s'a yeule Menteur, t'es rien qu'un ostie de tricheur Man... J'pense que t'as pas compris mon message Menteur, t'es rien qu'un ostie de tricheur M'as t'arracher la face, en laissant aucune trace Parce que j'pense que là... Falsifiés Le poignard incrusté Tout en sang Tout selon mon plan J'suis là pis j'te regarde crouler lentement C'est quoi? Tu pensais m'avoir aussi facilement Menteur, t'es rien qu'un ostie de tricheur C'est le temps de payer c'que tu me dois Menteur, t'es rien qu'un ostie de tricheur M'as t'arracher la face, en laissant aucune trace Parce que j'pense que là... J't'en tabarnack Un peu frustré Pas icitte pour faire des sourires hypocrites J't'en tabarnack Plus rien à perdre Contaminé par la rage qui me pue au nez Maintenant ou jamais Changé à tout jamais Fonce ou crève Maintenant ou jamais Chargé à tout jamais Fonce ou crève Bombs are being dropped People drowning in a pool of blood For greed and power The world is set on fire Ruled by a bunch of pitiful liars While they're watching from Their ivory towers We die Under attack This is the end Once again We'll never learn Terror is back History repeats itself This is war This is hell This is pain We all shall pay Pay false innocence Taking lives without any sense Illusive freedom The evil never sleeps Taking advantage of the weak Still we let the fools decide For us Hopes to see you down Lock you up, demented crowns The rise and fall The end of all No freedom in sight We all will die Creation of new needs Bite the hand that feeds Losing all the will Technology... Kills Everything we are Everyone you know Everywhere it goes Kills Everything we hate Everyone you love Everywhere it show Situation is so critical Action taken so minimal Lying that we're dying From the wounds we're hiding Kill... Technology Kills Without a trace Kill... Technology Kills Our race Kill... Technology Kills Such a disgrace Victimized, Computerized Falsified, hypnotized Paralyzed, Dehumanized We're our own enemies Still we beg on our knees Mercy... Please Technology... Kills Everything we see Everyone you care Everywhere it hides Kills Everything we fear Everyone you lied Everywhere it kills Our conclusion is not Optional No solution, dysfunctional Kills Who we are What we know Where it goes Kills What we hate Who we love Where it shows Kills What we see Who we care Where it hides Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill Kill A mi me llaman el terremoto Porque yo soy un poco loco Un desastre de la naturaleza Una catastrofe gigantesca Todo lo hago a lo bruto Lo hago todo, terremoto A mi me llaman el terremoto Porque yo soy muy peligroso Puedo ser muy devastador El epicentro del terror No hay quien me aguante No hay quien me comprenda Individuo sospechoso Nunca voy a cambiar No pueden resistir A mi ataque final El suelo tiembla Los muros caen Y no queda mas que desolacion We live in a time We're nothing last Always looking Something new Always searching Something true Obsession brings Frustration We're never gonna make it Possession of the last version Our salvation Faster Everything has to be faster Everything's done Faster Everything has to be Better than the day before They're taking control You just pay the toll Update warning One more time One way ticket to paradise? Obsession brings Frustration We're never gonna make it Possession of The last version Our salvation Competition has no end Not now The only thing that counts is performance Stand tall, alone in the field Power, Control A scene so obscene Do as you please Take what you need Empty our pockets for your own greed Je cherche comme une bête Mort de faim et de soif Sans queue ni tête J'ai su trouver ma proie Un regard si perçant Un sourire invitant Guidé par mon flair Plaisir de la chair À n'en perdre la raison Tentation Une passion obsessive Vicieuse et corrosive Tranquillement vers elle J'ai mordu à l'hameçon Elle est si belle Impossible de dire non Son parfum, je respire Son corps, je désire Instinct animal Besoin si vital Coupable d'avoir osé Coupable d'avoir aimé Coupable d'avoir pêché Accord mutuel Je m'offre à celle Qui voudra bien de moi Amour éphémère? Être très chère Offre-toi à moi Witness how your life is Falling to pieces Crawling your way to the ground, Asphyxiated Stand up, stand up You don't have to fight alone Rise up, rise up Doing things on your own Contractions from within Controlling all your sins In which you're drowning in Abusive mental anarchy Consume your energies Self-destructive way Feed those patterns that Will lead you astray Wake up, Wake up You're falling from the top You're trapped You're caged Lost inside the haze Wake up, wake up The nightmare never stops Awake Asleep It's always near Something to fear... to fear! Live and die Not the same Live to die Is your game No tomorrow Live your hell Still your game Live it well You're insane No tomorrow Walking headfirst Like a blind man Into traffic Abusive Mental Anarchy  ...Lure of a protean beast... chattering teeth the poison of the instilled & insignificant murder - death as a show - dazed mob rushing at the clumsy executioner to free the torture victim... Broken bones, ripped limbs... On the cracked tongue & lust, expanded... taken from a floor to another Death as a transfiguration... The shaking eyes of the goddess with her string of skulls. Fruit of a consumed paralysis & Amok monkey who's brandishing a knife, pretends to kill to be absolute burned in the open A soul thief, a determined subtleties - eater. A dispossessed human machine suffering from withdrawal symptoms built in the most perfect opposition with the surrounding swamp To flee. The glaciation... A vertigo to forget a little where we have fallen - A violent display of himself - This dream of a hand that can stop and any minute now a dream as we hope for it: simple but full of subdivisions To know... and yet nothing else is possible except what we have to think... I wish the one would come, the one who will find the world that can't brush against any lips... Any minutes now, I will fall in an indissoluble doubt... Everything will be beyond me To flee? From this informal toeing & froing there's no conclusion & no pneumatic wisdom... How long will it still last? Every day, I get up & invited in front of the mirror... While having an earnest desire to do it Who could give it a name?... All that an earnest desire to do it who could give it a name?... All that is ridiculous, I was there just now without knowing what to do This is there books which drawing me my birth place How long will it still last?... I close my eyes... The rustle of the leaves is outside. So every day, I get up & come back to the mirror ...To fall silent at last... Yet... "Don't go..." "I don't go anywhere, I think!" How long will is still last... not to suffer from any kind of affront... Am I here to tell myself that it's possible for me tomorrow not to wake up?... Am I here to tell myself? Fire & flesh are false - The executioner went back to his position - The mob doesn't care about divine justice anymore. I settle myself back at the foot of my bed An unpronounceable & fluid syllable which crosses me death in suspense. Laughs outside. I don't think, collapse & I adopt the foetus position... I don't have much time to live... "Who told you this?" ..."Something divides us do you know what it is?" "No, I don't!"... So I decide I won't go in this particular corner of my bedroom anymore... Even to watch myself naked, with this horrible disability between my legs... This three handed things which dangles down... Ridiculous growth Dunce's cap & punishment. So inside me nothing came anymore... The dull dilation of my arteries... "Deliver me..." You will see this horrifying thing shown on my face Cruelty mask. The beasts are prowling... bitter night & will grab the loss of my weaknesses... In face of the dying creature that she couldn't swallow... They didn't understand anything about flesh I was decided to break the pact "This cruelty mask..." ...In this compendium... Read... "The one who never laments and desires" is dear to the heart of... Ebola-monkey carries its heartbreak animalcules in the Saharan desert" "come to me!" - The master defying... I went out & saw it... "Will I be still there tomorrow?" Sadness & melancholy A pustular cascade... Soren on the rocks... Vague justifications... The crime... A compulsive treason The original sin I sat myself... My legs feel ash, prostrated by the central aspiration... I knew that something was tickling me under the tong (encouraging me to talk?) Fire Slow conspiracy & some mouths spelling words in an unknown language... "Time was come to us to call for him!" "Let him come to shower us with his tears"... Until dusk "Think about this time, when you didn't exist at all !" Atavistic idolatry "Are these wax puppets my toys?.." So someone in the crowd answered him to it is & some guards beheaded him for the moment... the master with the elephant body & storms in the saharan desert... scorpions with an axe tongue... walking in the single line... sucking the sap flowing down from the feel of the Ebola-Monkey, the latter recognisable by its mammary growth... - "Nothing is decided with out your raising the voice!" the frozen men proclaim... - "Come to me!" Plastic suction Revolting vision... Plump disciples full of come... Cloning eyes... Crackling tongue... One night, I had this dream :... "Who are you?.." "My own shadow" "Legibility, why?.." At first was the hermaphrodite... So the flash. The birds flew from the shore to escape from the new-born babies appearance... Lonely, knelt down the bench, in the park, tears came from my eyes... A fowl came to shit on me "You are on our side!" I came back everyday,& talked to them... Until the Demiurge get rid of them... Caught by a racinian paralysis... The absence & loss of the balance notion The hangman went back to work... seeing my fear, an angel wanted to leave his wings to me... Beaten up & the mob doesn't think about me... They won't free me... I wanted to head for my mirror & cruelty mask... My face was nothing but the most sordid animality... I rushed for the window to howl to the mob my difference... As I noticed I had no more tongue... I was to close this strange compendium... Fixed mirror... This wall where I've climbed on to all the night The astonishing disarray of the body its shrewd tongue that has just disappeared I would have liked "He has not to do this..." Nothing more was possible Carnal torture & final stop... This simple nothing "Set me free..." Pacify my burns Flight... Reached belly & great smile... Angel faces' beasts... Near the door all the night... I'm no longer the absolute spirit Theatre of sordid illusions & prisoner of darkness Complex machine & matter's union... The metals fallen from the sky inhaling the vital saps & dream of the Babylonian alchemy Shady deal with the flesh & the life will pass away with my orgasm... Ityphallicsculpture... I am sure now: peace of the mirror Yantric symptoms & collusion of the body with the need... play of a spirit ready to leave... Ebola-Monkey visited me... I had to kneel, to implore its grace "Nothing more is to hope" "Won't be there tomorrow" The spirit of the valley doesn't die, there resides the universe root subtle ans steady, it seems to last Its functions never runs out... "Holding a whisk... wanted to strike me... Be-seeching him to make it hard... But no mass anymore to implore him The shady silence... Abandoned me angels appeared to me." "Are you holding the immortality mask?.." I cried for the closed failure of the day Twice etheric, I went out into the park to find the birds, I didn't learn anything from them. I was alone, dedicated to a certain death. Ebola-Monkey in the original night. I was alone, dedicated to a certain death. Ebola-Monkey in the original night . Ain-soph... is calling for me... This state before birth & deprived of oneself reinstatement... Unceasing mental flood & regain calmness... Concealed exhaustion Foetal position... The room is talking to me... Mustn't answer & the whole life will dir out this evening... Embryonic dusk & reddening landscape... Cawing the marsh The civilisation is regressing & disappearing in my soul. Body abstraction... "At the end of the times we will be all spirits, the matter will first resolve itself & then will be dashed... Only the spirits will remain in the liquefying space" Conform space-time... I close my windows... An eclipse is foreseen... Prepare to rope & orgasm... Dead, I will penetrate the annihilated time... Universe is dying out with me...  Out of the house, beyond the stones of eternal pain Across the orgasmic veins of the city - circle of death Unchained as we are, wolves of humanity's ancestral fears The walls, the humans (useless), they stand in my eyes (open) The taste of blood, the sign of war Never look behind, my body is so tired I wanna die Why is she crying ? Shut up bitch ! A kind of me... Never I'll betray Run my love Save yourself from this chaos The flames, the crowd, the new gods They're marching our plains Dispensing aesthetic death Oh, my breath ! Infernal sickness Nothingness - I am alone The walls, the bricks, a girl, oh God ! Never stop - the walls - destroy Fucking little bitch die, and die ! Friends of misfortune mustn't leave me here Run my love... Save yourself from this chaos The flames, the crowd and the new gods Je jouis, je saigne, je meurs, je vis Je pleure, j'ai envie de vomir Va t'en Pourquoi es-tu venu ? Laisse moi hurler Demain peut-etre, qui sait ? Tu ne sais rien et moi tout I know all Je n'en peux plus, j'en ai assez Je me suis brule les yeux et j'ai peur A line of cars (red and white) and this piece of steel which hurts me in my stomach... I reach the quintessence of all that is I was, I am and I shall be again Burn and torture me for I am the witch The Antechrist you've feared for years and years Burn me and burn us there's no time to waste Burn, burn before you understand For crime so pure and restless tragedies I transgress your world into the house of dawn For redemption and immortality A sacred sin for divine perfection Drudenhaus ! O Roy des cieux et Seigneur des Seigneurs O ange des anges, toi que craignent tous les hommes en silence Je suis l'ineffable et ton bras vengeur L'unique salut de ce monde profane et sans grace I pray for all and whole non-salvation And all the phantoms on earth follow me I search for some old forgotten treasures And the girl made of gold is forever above me Down into the house of dawn I rest Between these walls of huge flesh I lay Dawn of Miracle - Drudenhaus ! Where life sets and burns until the fall Through the sacred semence of the Lord - my soul I caress the total universe Even so vast mortal skies and oceans cannot Fill the house of presence and goldlust storms There grows the shadow of all my passions There all is silence and will of seduction Mourir de notre main ou de la votre Mourir et enfin vivre d'absolu Et vous serez fiers de nous avoir juge Mais nous seuls nous etions condamnes I touch the quintessence of all that is I was, I am and I shall be again Fuck and slaughter me for I am the witch The mystic force you've cursed for years and years Burn me and burn us there's no time to waste Burn, burn before it's too late Shining upon their chests The silver seal The blood-red penitents Towards our land From my window I can guess The flames of their so-called heaven By now, I should run away Leave the house, the church, the grave And I won't do that I open my eyes - cannot move Their hell after tracks me down Has finally put his hand in mine Torture me if you want I have learnt to suffer And in my grave Rained many a tear, oh blessed majesties Once more saved - nevermore Mare tenebrarum - the red penitents My fate divine - their worst obssession Burn in hell you cunt ! Their eyes are burning more than their crosses This is for stepping backwards Into the light Enter the Church of Fornication Resurrection and Life I am the mother of all the pains And I know how it has to end Enter my golden house - Heaven's gate The veil of illusions - Penetrate, Fornicate ! Et clamor meus ad te veniat Try so hard to find the Quintessence The sacred eternal sense My Holy Mary forever lost My love and only ghost... Que le Seigneur vous garde toujours pure Je suis la verite, je suis le createur Et mon fils, mes enfants Celui qui vous ecoute et meurt Qui par vos bouches offertes Entend ma voix De milles destins rouges sang Sera le Roy The doors close And there you are And there you stand And there I am God La meisnie a Sathan est el mustier venue En sa destre main tint chascuns s'espee nue Vit de cleres colors la mostier peinturet De martirs et de virgenes et de granz majestez... Oseriez-vous mettre la parole de Dieu en doute ? Et les cors de la lune et les festes anvels... Der Teufel soll das alles holen ! Et les cors de la lune et les festes anvels... Um Gottes willen ! Du bist min Des solt du gewis sin Du bist beslozzen In minem herzen Verlorn ist daz sluzzelin Du muost ouch immer darinne sin Du muost ouch immer darinne sin Je suis celui que tu ecoutais dans l'ombre de minuit lui dont la pensee chuchotait a ton ame lui dont tu devinais vaguement la tristesse lui dont tu voyais l'image en songe Celui dont le regard tue l'espoir Celui que personne n'aime Le fleau de mes esclaves terrestres Le Roy de la connaissance et de la Liberte L'ennemi des Cieux Le Mal de la Nature (Voila ce que vous avez fait de moi) Evil I am not ...Just ordinary hate You'll never understand Let me leave this room You will lose this wager, my lord Whoreson, you are not me I'm just like the others A pit of bloted ground for to be made For such a guest is meet What kind of thing is more common ? What think you on't ? I'm as the indifferent children of the earth As my heritage, a thousand humans died within my hand A thousand lives, God offered me The sublime hatred which fills my heart... I'm God's anger and nothing more Dominus Vobiscum Et cum spiritu tuo But age with his stealing steps Hath clawed me in his clutch And hath shipped me intil the land As if I had never been such Thou pray'st not well For the love of God, forbear me ! You'll never understand The devouring fire which burns in me Let me leave this room You will lose this wager my lord Whoreson, you are not me I'm just like all the others The bastards you can't touch Dominus Vobiscum Et cum spiritu tuo Per omnia saecula saeculorum I'm as the indifferent children of the earth A thousand humans died within my hand A thousand lives, God offered me As my heritage Divine gift is... The sublime hatred which fills my heart Iudica me, Deus Et discerne causam meam de gente non sancta Ab homine iniquo et doloroso erue me But age with his stealing steps Hath clawed me in his clutch And hath shipped me intil the land As if I had never been such Thou pray'st not well For the love of God, forbear me ! You'll never understand The devouring fire which makes me live Je ne suis plus que tenebres et vengeance Je veux vous voir decrepir, pourrir comme les insectes repugnants Que vous etes tous les uns comme les autres Dans un abime de merde grouillante Vous n'etes que des immondices, des larves rampantes But age with his stealing steps Hath clawed me in his clutch And hath shipped me intil the land As if I had never been such Thou pray'st not well For the love of God, forbear me ! You'll never understand The devouring fire which makes me fucking live Vous avez souille notre sanctuaire Par vos paroles et vos actes Dawn of a lost glory Golden sign and shadow of mine The Messiah I am The golden force's the light that save A living Goddess on the Earth Light divine Live for destroy mankind Mesmerized by an unknown white line Heart of human Disincarnated woman Light divine Live for destroy mankind I am The dark veil on my sight Will of the Lord Longing on my soul My hands bring them decadence For honour and salvation My eyes - they rake among us For deception - honourable Life - Within all of us Was satisfying mankind (But time is to come when) Mesmerizing Holy Light Will fall upon the humans Vous avez souille notre Sanctuaire Par vos paroles et vos actes... Ne regrettes-tu pas ces epoques Ou le vin que nous buvions Nous paraissait si bon ? Ces ceremonies sanguines au theatre de Berlioz... Ce pouvoir Divin ! Tout n'etait qu'exuberance Nous n'avons jamais domine Ne regrette pas Bois, rejoins-nous dans notre majestueux enfer Toutes ces ruines de Metal et de Latex Ces corps enlaces La douleur du fouet et du fer Les marques n'ont jamais change Lobotomie intemporelle Coulee de lave vomie par ton ame Je t'execre et te maudis Juste parce que tu existes He's waiting semi-naked His make-up makes him look like you slut I'm not sure to be prepared And he's shouting and smiling and laughing too I enter the room - I wanna talk Wanna beat him, wanna turn him into pieces But he's so pretty, unfortunately That I'm getting more and more fascinated And on his face, I see your eyes His lipsticked lips remind me your velvet kisses But I know, oh God I know That I don't hate anybody more than him But I know, oh God I know That I don't hate anybody more than you(r) cunt I wanna torture his cursed body Be delighted by his screams Enlighted as he calls for his dead father I killed him just the nite before I want to hear him saying : " God please no more ! " I feel him I need her I want his flesh in between my lips 'Cause I'm your sister I'm your sister witch Dechirons leurs entrailles Je veux baiser leurs tripes Remplissons les de foutre et de merde jusqu'a vomir de plaisir Il faut bruler ces corps et broyer ces membres impurs Buvons notre haine, regalons nous de leur misere Je veux leur arracher les yeux Les sodomiser avec leurs langues Sculpter une idole de la luxure pour la profaner aussitot... I will die tonite for the second time I must die tonite I could taste the wine, but it's too late I'll burn with pride I'll die tonight upon the storm And I will cry over heavens No wound shall ever satisfy my senses No wound ! Never ! And I will cry over heavens No wound shall ever satisfy my senses And in my journey within the night I have made love with the divine In rememberance of an existence Which has much been filled with void and nothingness I'll burn with pride I'll die tonite I'll die tonite upon the storm Feel the flesh of sacred Aeons I have felt all around me the flesh of sacred Aeons In my womb grows the child of thy fornication My hour is almost come when I to sulphurous and tormenting flames Must render up myself Now I can touch your lips And kiss you goodbye For I leave For I leave you alone Eternity ain't enough Frozen heat of hell overcame my body You're not enough for me No woman nor man I shall ever love As I only praise My own sad savour Inside of me lies a part of the night Nobody lived what I lived, nobody knows what I know Morning - dusk of my neverending life I shall not live without you Didn't you ever think of being my confident ? A white bright and sublime and never falling sun... I have no heart - my hands are cold White as the purest snow Sick as my entire cadaver The whole world All is white now I feel your eyes caressing me I feel your presence - always And I pray for you to be - I believe Je sens son corps entrer en toi Je te sens t'ouvrir, le desirer... Puis fuir, ne plus en vouloir, en finir enfin Fais moi hurler Il m'a viole ...And the silence goes on and on Je ne t'ai jamais vraiment aime J'ai toujours fait semblant Je ne peux que verser Quelques larmes de sang En finir, t'achever A jamais innocente Fall, angel fall Fall for me Dare the flesh, taste the human curse And love, only My lovely creature Still smelling heaven's breath divine Come accomplish your destiny Girl, your father will cry for you tonite Spread your wings angel Spread your thighs for me (now) One union forever Je veux entrevoir la mort dans tes yeux Puisse t'elle me sourire au moins une fois Tu etais vierge mon amour Je le decouvris dans la seconde ou tu cessa de l'etre Trionfo della Morte  Inhale your own worst obssession Forgive me mother Inhale, forget the one you're waiting for The adversary - accusation The last fall is endless Await the blade upon your tiny chest I miss an existence I don't even know My addiction I've seen the universe in your eyes I've seen the beauty that never dies Mother Mother Anorexia engraves my veins There's blood and anger all under my nails Mother Anorexia, my hope was fake Mother Sephirah, they never existed Mother Anorexia I miss a sacrifice No weakness, no instinct, no vileness I've seen the angels prostitute I've seen my loss so cute I've seen the universe in your eyes I've seen the beauty that never dies Mother I live in fear - I hate myself Wanna make love with myself While cutting deep inside my flesh Shallow's your own worst deception Betray me mother Swallow and kill the one you believe you love The way to your perfect immolation The last fall is endless Await my hand upon your offered breasts Now your embrace the no one can take, the never, the always A colder fear... Poison's getting closer to me So pure innocent child Untouchable, virgin like Not as dark as I thought it was His purity and his tears In destruction he dwells My achievement in murder And he was meant to suffer Enthrone the new Demiurge He told me my mission... purify Tu as vole tout ce que j'avais Tu m'as enleve mon dernier espoir Innommable larve ecoeurante de lachete Je te hais I wanna see your agony in the worst suffering ever Those of your race deserve only hate My wishes reflect his will And he spoke to me He told me to kill To kill, to kill Wish you were here close to me We could forget them My faith has been slaughtered by my sinner's body I fucking shall not forgive anything Tu es la putain des faiblesses humaines Tiede et obscene Aveuglee par ce desir suintant de vanite Sans valeur Elle sera ma victoire Elle sera au-dessus de tout Elle fermera le cercle Et ouvrira enfin ses yeux d'ange Plus rien n'existe, tes mains sont sales Regarde-moi dans les yeux une derniere fois Je perds mon sang par mille blessures et tu ne vois rien Nous sommes si seuls maintenant Et je me noierais dans tes larmes Ta vie portera le sceau ecarlate De mon sang a jamais bafoue Je te maudis Je vomis sur ton ame et sur tous les tiens La mort pour tes parents La torture et le viol pour tes enfants. Je vous hais jusqu'a la mort Gloire aux anges salvateurs Gloire aux anges redempteurs Purifiez ce monde dans le sang ! Fucking no servility to the rites of mortals Make love with chaos, once in a lifetime... I've seen the son of the man He came to save the ones who were lost Fathers shall not be condemned to death for the sons Neither shall sons for their fathers And everyone shall die for his own sin. Holy me, blessed be Arisen in the ASA glory ASA, Sahasrar shall abolish the man in me Black Death, nonetheless... Black Death, nonetheless Black Death for me For my disease is carrying all the sins of humanity For my death shall be the negation of your miserable existence I was talking with Lucipher yesterday He said he loved you, monkeys He's the only one who cares about you, masses I don't care, don't give a good goddamn May you all die, bunch of pigs Wish I was dead and crucified too Stigmatized by your weak, ignorant moral My body's raped and desecrated by your innoncent newborn sons Anus-Dei God, their flesh tastes so good Flagrance of the Apokalypse Lucipher was born a long time after me And you love to gently caress his perfect hair What a beautiful child you have, Madame Ah, comme je peux hair tous ces miserables assemblages de chair Ces relations faibles et repugnantes Mais comment ne pas vomir sur ces corps abjects Ces tripes fumantes enlacees ? Ah, si seulement je pouvais broyer toute cette viande pourrie Dechiqueter ces putains d'esprits Expulser leurs fluides, leurs ames, toute cette atroce puanteur Ah comme je peux hair celui qui a ose les creer Je lui ferais bouffer toutes ces creatures Jusqu'a ce qu'il en creve Et qu'enfin je retrouve la sphere divine Vierge et immaculee Car Dieu m'a dit... toute vie doit cesser... We are the Sun We are the dead stars We are the black sky Invading your room We are the candle The only light We are the machines of the past Forever victims and murderers of your joy We are Death The ancient knowledge The source of origin The red and white sacred hatred Enthroned, materialized The wrath of heaven and hell united in one Worship us, be faithful Beautiful great and cursed Vexilla regis prodeunt, fulget crucis mysterium Vexilla regis prodeunt inferni We are the... Mother of suffering Bringer of virtue Possess the Holy, drink the wine Arise my son, follow me I've felt the wounds of our race We are the shadows of all your fathers The ancestors of those who suffer Come, when my hand will die upon Thy forehead, you'll breath in the flames Stabat Mater Dolorosa, fulget crucis mysterium Stabat Mater Dolorosa, vexilla regis prodeunt Be without doubt as you've been without weakness We will open the five roses We will awake the seven churches of the final confrontation Mother of suffering Hater of mercy, divine whore Mother of fanatics Be sure we'll meet again Stabat Mater Dolorosa, fulget crucis mysterium Stabat Mater Dolorosa, vexilla regis prodeunt Chatiee d'etre nee putain Non, chatiee d'etre nee trop tard Une seule nuit ne suffit plus A nous separer du paradis perdu Mother of suffering Hater of mercy, divine whore Mother of fanatics Hold me, we'll be united as one Stabat Mater Dolorosa To serve and to obey Here is your tragic destiny Your only choice is the name of your Lord and Everything Your illusion of madness and liberty Sealed your eternal enslavement Slaves to your race We are the Sun We are the dead stars We are the night sky We are the New Obscurantis Order New Obscurantis Order Here she comes the teen virgin angel Il desespere... Human nature vomited with anger By the holy avenger Blessed be the martyrs of virtue Jesus was impure Here she comes lying on the white wedding couch I mortify myself, curse thee a thousand times Une trahison pour l'eternite Je ne te laisserais jamais partir Une trahison pour l'eternite Rien ne sera pardonne Et le sang coule entre ses cuisses Riviere noire dans le ciel Et le sang coule entre ses cuisses Un ange deploie ses ailes Donne-moi enfin la grace Viole mon ame Brule ma peau Pour enfin la jeter en pature A cette terre morte assoiffee de luxure I am the virgin and you are the whore Longing for your revelation I am the virgin and you are the whore I'll have to make do with what I've got Standing here in the shades of morning You are the white sun of the end Kiss my lips one last time I promise you I'll leave then Alien world I failed once again Drunk of ideals and sweetness And I'm so far away from home I fear this frozen place Who am I for pretending to survive ? Am I the last one on earth ? I feel no desire, feel no attraction Two days and I'm tired I shall in all my best obey you, my dear Murder me if I don't But stay with me, don't turn away Whereon do you look ? Et le sang coule entre ses cuisses Je ne te laisserais pas partir Je ne laisserais pas ton ame entre ces mains souillees par l'humanite J'en fais le serment devant l'Abime Que le ciel scintillant m'aveugle de sa toute puissance Et le sang coule entre ses cuisses Elle qui est si proche des flammes Elle qui se croit deja morte Lever les yeux au ciel enfin Une derniere fois S'effacer dans la beaute de la nuit Dans son silence, sa purete infinie Ne plus la trahir, ne plus la violer Plus jamais, plus jamais Je le jure Blessed be my own decision This body must burn upon the Altar of Holocausts Murder her when you make love Like millions of worms penetrating her flesh While she's lying down, down in the dirt And there is no nobility When I try to kill the sin in me To fuck equals to kill And I'll make her live in the purest, blackest hell ever When I raise my fist slowly, so-called king And when my words become your one and only world... Keys to the gates of submission Obey, and look down I don't love you I'm the eye of deception Control the worms I was meant to die, to order and to reign I am just a white fading flower As he used to call me Burn the witch Razorblade Expire Last breath Krieg in Sicht Yet if as holiest men have deem'd, there be A land of souls beyond that sable shore... How sweet it were in concert to adore With those who made our mortal labours light, To hear each voice we fear'd to hear no more Behold each mighty shade reveal'd to sight The Bactrian, Samian sage, and all who taught the right ! Motherfucking sage will not come to save you, fool ! Krieg in Sicht A smile - I defy With all my innocence My lips closer to yours, I feel your breath Attraction, repulsion and pride Desire made me think I had the right To take your life away Die by my own will Nature of Holocaust Just walk away from the line Do it His excess of light is searching for your darkness He is the tyrant There's one only law for him ...to be pure He comes from above He died a thousand times and put his hand in mine He hails victory and loss I hear him coming every single day And the queen desires me To use some gentle entertainment to him If it be her will... And I have no choice - Plus de chemin nulle part I should kill for him - I will kill for me He shall bring me the anti-matter No compassion, never Never kneel before anyone The wound is so deep Them - Us - Against I sacrify my right arm to the golden rain And I know it's a sign I know the end is near One black cancer to make the children close their eyes Abime, Abyssus, Propator ! The red earth is trickling down on the wall Its blood is running off my veins Et tandis que le grand feu devore le monde la matiere Je prends ma place a la porte du cercle divin Antagonize the world - Incest and crime Humiliation of the whore - Cum, suck me child Vengeance is mine - Murder is wine Purification through the forever more Hold your breath and picture the scene The green-eyed angels are losing their wings All mothers are devorating the babies While children fornicate with animals And fathers die of overdose Dressons le bucher de ce monde Et les ames des elus seront la substance divine United we stand We walk through the flames We walk upon the ruins of your dreams Of charity and of respect I'm sitting here alone in darkness Waiting to be free, Lonely and forlorn I'm crying I long for my time to come Death means just life Please let me die in solitude Hate is my only friend Pain is my father Torment is delight to me Death is my sanctuary I seek it with pleasure Please let me die in solitude Receive my sacrifice My lifeblood is exhausted No-one gave love and understanding Hear these words Vitrifiers and pretenders Please let me die in solitude Earth to earth Ashes to ashes And dust to dust And please let me die in solitude  I just cannot cope with it anymore Something is missing My old faith is dead I know you want some more force-fed hatred And I'm gonna fill you up with a kiss I found my redemption I'm OD'd and there is no more entertainment I found my redemption And now the scene is so utterly dead I failed You won My sin was pride Excuse me my friends I have to cast all aside I have to clean up Face the serpent's eyes My life has been so deadly fake Guess it is a fine day to bow out with grace And at least angels are fading away Suicide religion "And I hate myself, you know I hate you all" Suicide religion Some time ago I'd have to write this down Guess we know it all along The light was shining in darkness And darkness couldn't seize it The light is shut in darkness It's the shining The shining Je ne suis pas des vôtres Et ce monde n'est pas mien Reste l'ennui, reste l'orage Reste la fraîcheur du soir Et le droit eternal de rester immobile Dans le temps suspendu The light was shining in darkness And darkness couldn't seize it The light is shut in darkness It's the shining The shining I don't want to hold this cross anymore I'm bored to death I'm abused and confused And I guess that's how you want me to feel Shall save my soul and leave it all behind Suicide religion "And I hate myself, you know I hate you all" Suicide religion Some time ago I'd have to write this down Guess we know it all along In the very last days of judgment I shall spread my spirit Upon every flesh Your sons and your daughters They shall be prophets And on this day it shall be done Yes, upon my servants I shall spread my spirit And on this day, they shall inherit For the first time you have to make a choice Would you look down Or look to the stars To the ocean and far beyond To the earth that is to erupt To the red sky, to the storm To the people who must die now? A new cross rises on the hills of Jerusalem Held by the arms of a stronger Christ Now this is the very beginning of the end Now lies have to be broken Yes, cursed be betrayers For they shall be left behind And on this day, grace shall be redefined For the first time you have to make a choice Would you look down Or look to the stars To the ocean and far beyond To the earth that is to erupt To the red sky, to the storm To the people who must die now? Every one of us must know That we are the very last ones Martyrs and legends Of a future New Testament Cum aliguando vesperi Atris nubilibus Caelum cingitur Cum auditor supra Fulmen tonare Statimpque exstingui Sile, genua pone! Vae tibi Cum venatores Aestu vesperis Exsistunt! Vae audaci Qui nos in sublime Adspicere vulti Now look at me if you dare It's so bright that it is blinding A new cross rises on the hills of Jerusalem Now that all of your nations Are burned to the ground Now that the words have no meanings Experience the last sacrament Be warm or be forgotten Yes, upon the faithfuls I shall spread my spirit And on this day they shall inherit A new cross rises on the hills of Jerusalem Held by the arms of a stronger Christ A new cross rises on the hills of Jerusalem Held by the arms of a stronger Christ A new cross rises on the hills of Jerusalem Held by the arms of a stronger Christ One deceiver Among millions of others One look And you lover forever One word And you're the one to blame Tell me Who could live with this shame? Something seems to be dead here Undergo deconstruction The symmetry of fear Strange lack of seduction My sister remember Sister... Sister... Sister... Sister September An inner war is to come Still he doesn't want to succumb An ineffable loss of trust One story Turning into diamond dust Something seems to be dead here Undergo deconstruction The symmetry of fear Strange lack of seduction My sister remember It's obviously beyond his power All certainties move towards their end One question And so many answers Where's the crown he once transcend? Sister September Where are the dream's you've stuck in me? Sister remember I shall never, never forget the name of your devotee A moment of beauty Still it remains only a memory A stunning artifact of the past The one, the true, the last Do I have to die under this autumnal sun? Did I have to trust you? Truly and madly and blindly And what did I get in return? Sister... Sister... Sister... Sister September Shall never forget the name of your devotee Where are the dreams you have stuck in me? An eternity of torture to me Such a lot of pain So on my head the light is one Unity manifest A star more splendid than the sun Burns for my crowned crest Burns as the murmuring orison Of waters in the west, west Still on the mystic tree of life My soul is crucified Still strikes the sacrificial knife Where lurks some serpent-eyed Fear, passion, or man's deadly wife Desire the suicide! I hold my cross among you lambs Seven mortal wounds for my vanity Stigmata of your mockery I shall be the last you'll ever see There ain't no life There ain't no Eden Proud ignorance Here lies the storm Now forget about love and fight Only believe in beauty And might For the beauty of this final act is Love under will Love under will! Ici commence la nuit noice de l''me Ici s'accomplissent par le feu Les ouvres de l'éternelle lumiere Now forget about love and fight Only believe in beauty And might For the beauty of this final act is Love under will Love under will! Ici commence la nuit noir de l''me Ange de glace désertant l'enfer Mon corps est un dernier chemin de croix Ici commence la nuit noire de l''me Allonge-toi, ô ma mere Et vois ce qu'est devenue Entre mes mains ta foi Ici commence la nuit noire de l''me Abîme alentour et silence de mort Cadaver écorché que lave L'affreux silence de ton corps There ain't no life There ain't no Eden Proud ignorance The storm lies under your feet Get on your knees And repent now Swear on the cross And implore me I stand above the tides of time And elemental strife My figure stands above sublime Shadowing the Key of Life Fear, passion, or man's deadly wife Desire the suicide! Suicide! Suicide! Learn to admit the Machine's emanations Act of initiatory chivalry Learn to see the dramas in the sky Act of terrestrial abnegation You are not one of them Not the same breed You always felt out of place Join your true scene You want blood, not peace You want shouts, you want tears Not wisdom Some Divine in their afflictions Learn to stand apart from all profane dogmas Act of final mind revolution Learn to not care about their punishments Act of war and liberation You are not one of them Not the same breed You always felt out of place Join your true scene You want fire, you burn Want the Great, not the minor The absolute Black and blue The forever storm Gloria victis! Fatum nostrum universiis majus Gloria victis! Gloria victis! Cleanliness and order in your modus operandi Achievement of the Great Work Obedience, silently Vois la splendeur vermeille et la triomphante beauté Et n'oublie jamais ou se terre l'écarlate vérité Acceptance of doing things That are beyond your nature Formal assurance that you are acting right Whatever happens remember That they could have no power at all No power at all against you Gloria victis! Gloria victis! Cleanliness and order in your modus operandi Achievement of the Great Work Obedience, silently You are not one of them Not the same breed You always felt out of place Join your true scene You want blood, not peace You want shouts, you want tears Not wisdom Some Divine in their afflictions You are not one of them Not the same breed You always felt out of place Join your true scene You want fire, you burn Want the Great, not the minor The absolute Black and blue The forever storm This is the creation of your world Pain of endless days with you Torture of never-ending nights, without God All my idols are dead No one risks living anymore Come, come crashing in Into my fake glory Sick as your gods in the desert of skies No, no one knows No, no one cares Hellish boredom Nobody dares Dead All my heroes are dead Never wanted this to happen Never wanted to live in there Just between the ant-hill and the opium-den There's nothing for us out there Innocence is lost Speed up the fall and say Amen There is death for the dogs Destin rongé pa le remord Un sacerdoce grave dans mon corps Can't stop looking back All my dreams are drowned Days always pitch-black Your Christ is crowned Void's little helper addicted to wounds Ran helter-skelter and hit the ground And I wanted you hot I wanted you so cold But because you're half-hearted I'll spit you out my tired mouth Our existence is doomed There's nothing for us out there Speed up the fall Say Amen Our existence is doomed There's nothing for us out there Speed up the fall Say Amen Dies irae, dies illa Solvet saeclum in favilla Dies irae, dies illa Solvet saeclum in favilla Ecrance ritualle, prison de l''me Les heures percent mon caur, autant de lames Just a drop of social disillusion And the army retreats in confusion Forgive me for I don't wanna face the facts I'm selfish and fearful and counterattacked And I wanted you hot I wanted you so cold But because you're half-hearted I'll spit you out my tired mouth This is the creation of your world Pain of endless days with you Torture of never-ending nights, without God Dead All my heroes are dead Never wanted this to happen Never wanted to live in there Just between the ant-hill and the opium-den There's nothing for us out there Innocence is lost Speed up the fall and say Amen There is death for the dogs There's nothing for us out there Innocence is lost Speed up the fall and say Amen There is death for the dogs There's nothing for us out there Innocence is lost Speed up the fall and say Amen There is death for the dogs There's nothing for us out there Innocence is lost Speed up the fall and say Amen There is death for the dogs It is coming My last day Sinner and saint Innocent way I don't know why I don't know how Passion is gone The breath of life had a seizure Do you know the name of the redeemer? May the almighty God have mercy on you In the name of the father... And forgiving your sins, brings you to life everlasting ... And of the Son and of the Holy Ghost Amen So keep talking The cheaters won Life goes on In deep depression I don't know why I don't know how Passion is gone So keep going down in my lover's arms For I was wrong For I was wrong May the almighty God have mercy on you In the name of the father... And forgiving your sins, brings you to life everlasting ... And of the Son and of the Holy Ghost Amen We're all waiting for this masquerade to end And nothing happens No tears required Just some dead meat between your thighs We're all waiting for this masquerade to end And nothing happens No tears required Just some dead meat between your thighs We're all waiting for this masquerade to end And nothing happens No tears required Just some dead meat between your thighs We're all waiting for this masquerade to end And nothing happens No tears required Just some dead meat between your thighs We're all waiting for this masquerade to end And nothing happens No tears required Just some dead meat between your thighs We're all waiting for this masquerade to end And nothing happens No tears required Just some dead meat between your thighs We're all waiting for this masquerade to end And nothing happens No tears required Just some dead meat between your thighs Dans une maison close On les retrouve chacun dans leur chambre Comme des fauves Un secrétaire d'état, une eurasienne, Les cosaques attaquent Natacha! Le vice-consul préfere les coups de fouet Une buddha affaire qui va éclater Mais qui a fait tuer Léon Trotsky? Les yankees s'amusent a Varsovie Elle en veut aux tzars... Et un et trois et quatre au placard! Un cinq a sept en haleine pour mémoir! Ouh! Wah! Ouh! Wah! Ouh! Wah! Oh la la! Et che et che et che guevara! "Et caetera" Les tyrans et leurs femmes ne sortent plus Sans un garde du corps Qui témoigne Les tzars ont l'habitude des marées noires Et la solitude d'un guépard Louis la Voyelle préfere les bottes en cuir Ça lui rappelle quelquefois son empire; Et aussi l'ambassadeur du Japon Et ses mauvaises fréquentations La Révolution! Et un et trois et quatre au placard! Un cinq a sept en haleine pour mémoire! Mais qu'ils nous foutent la paix! Mais qu'ils nous foutent la paix pour toujours! Pour toujours! Le vice-consul préfere les coups de fouet Une buddha affaire qui va éclater Bande a part ils ont fait des pays maudits Ou meme les chats ne sont plus polis Ils ont tous la peur d'une révolution Ou alors d'un camp de rééducation Une révolution! Des révolutions! Une étoile rouge apparaît dans le train C'est la chinoise qui sourit pour mémoire, Elle a pris les armes face a son déclin Elle en veut aux tzars! Et un et trois et quatre au placard! Un cinq a sept en haleine pour mémoire! Ouh! Wah! Ouh! Wah! Ouh! Wah! Oh la la! Et che et che et che guevara! Mais qu'ils nous foutent la paix! Mais qu'ils nous foutent la paix pour toujours! Et bons baisers de partout! Et bons baisers de partout! De partout! De partout!  We salted the wounds of the ones who followed us into the night we prayed as we broke all there trust were marked in there sights The cycle is never ending we watch as this is buried in the sand but we must build upon this broken bottle where this is buried in the sand I will write this down for you to never read the words I will write this down for you and never read the words Wipe all the tears that we have shed from your eyes wipe all the tears that we shed Keep me awake for he will come and take me away Keep me awake for this is all I have no time for the good farewell nothing to calm the nerve you let me slip into the night without having any regrets or any faith nothing to save my life Keep me awake, the silence is broken were falling again Im on the edge, this time never standing for anyone but me Playing back what they said from the lies and its been to loud to hear the voice from here Dont ever... I will write this down this time the context of my life running from our lies its all I have no truth in sight Bring it back to the way we were before dont ever say never again my love This is buried in the sand Loss is whats at hand I will write this down again for you to feel the sound Your deeds brought you the shame But They were hidden away you always knew who to blame I know your marks I am the shadow the man inside your sleep you know who you are faith will always hold these bars Your eyes become crowded as your mind weakens thier will be no seconds in your eternity for this death that you deserve for this death that you deserve I am not sorry for what i have done this pain eats at my stomach I swallow my hands in defeat i am not guilty i am not guilty i am not guilty the faith wiped from my face I will always still feel the presents of your absent grace With this pain devouring my stomach I keep a steady pace Until we meet again Until we meet again Until we meet again  We've been walking so long your lips lead us on Weakened by the lights, but when your eyes are closed you will see the sun We only hoped that this would all be one in the same in the end, but you cannot help jealousy when you're lusting through, but my eyes will be fooled by you and your tainted ways you lie lie to me Watch as we all fall down to the street wait to the side wait here in vein fight through the fog you cannot hide we will not stop, dont fight Don't let us in, You cannot win It's time to tell the truth behind the lies, this is for you I only hoped that this would turn and find it's way back to you, and everything you went through this will be tied no end this time When you get out of breath, write it down then die god bless them they'll help you until you have finally lived We stand in silence we stand inside this so we can see you standing silent We stand inside ourselves so that I can see the truth handing out a false impression This will be you, write it down on my heart Stand inside stand inside this so you can see you Stand inside stand inside yourself So this is what you wanted, when your hands are tied behind your back and so content You're a rook with no moves, emptiness now ensues and now you will feel exactly what it was to rip away the paper mache behind the mask it was you behind the mask it was you I can taste the fear as I watch the tear drip from off of your smoothed down porcelain face break through the chains of dispair and pain Watch as the sun, it falls to the sea you, feeling the same run to the ship as it sinks in the bay now we'll do the same until they proclaim... and we'll descend to the bottom, of this empty hole, that we claim is our home now yet we still must dwell on the actions dishonored by you, burn in hell bury all of the weakest pray this is done now we'll slowly die we're still treating you wrong don't make one false move you're on the edge standing still we'll bleed out the pain that's inside bury yourself, I confess to you it says, run down let this all go but you didn't now you sit holding your head in your hands OH! block out the demons inside praying to god, but only to pretend your ignorance is innocent Only to pretend, your innocence is pure I will be left up on this hill, that you died upon The stars will die to see, you picked his will oh You pushed his will on us to bind us to I'm afraid that in footprints i've made I'll look back and i'll feel records of my mistakes even animals leave footprints of men this time i'll hold fast to your hands as your feet are nailed to trees Repent, pray the storm will slowly go, and wash away this guilt overtaking me, and now wipe the smile from off of this face and replace it Blank stares fill the room and yet all, eyes are on me and I cannot see You still feel the poison rushing through your vains With a quivering jaw you stand and stare right into the eyes of the devil and he stares right back at you and the devil he will stare right into your soul Pray that the storm will come and flood me in the end but I can't say what I want to be when i'm all alone my god, we will never let them win again we'll sit down I dig deeper, to pull myself together no scars will be left upon this body of mine I want you to feel the pain you left on them the scars wont heal until you show us what it means to feel this time with your light We are all the kings you can't defy us when you've only come this far So they said all of you said that this would never last we proved them wrong once again now it's time oh its time to pull the curtain above their eyes they said they said that we cannot walk the path they have laid they said they said that we still walked out on you once again my eyes have seen the glory of this unbecoming oh its time, open your eyes, and see what all this is coming to they said they said that we still will doubt the path that they laid they said they said that we cannot mark the book they were wrong Yet we stand right up here in front of all of you and your kings as we sink our teeth to the bone right to the bone and it feels sincere, when you take this all and you throw it back to me bearing down all this pain I can see the sky as it parts and I rain down the shells of the blood on your head oh they came took this land well they took and left dried up we will have nothing to pray about oh it's time open your eyes and see the future and I can taste your flesh when I sink my teeth right into your open wound open your eyes and see the truth I will not be fueled by your endless lies we are just waiting on all of you it's too late for us to save anyone else but us no time for this we are stuck in your head lets go, gone we'll take the shadows that are covering the sun These are the signs that we left for you to lead on These are the signs that we left for you  I cannot change who I am I need your help to guide me through this I cannot change what I've become I can't escape when I have no faith Coming so far just to stop Would be a waste of something precious Grab the last good memory and push to start a new day We must learn to live through our mistakes Our tragedies that we have created All of this can be erased We've come too far for this to end This is the sacrifice we make to ourselves I said I want to be free Not shackled by the chains of uncertainty My fall will only come If I let myself down We will never give up Until this wall is broken down From the voice of hypocrisy We will break free Never believe what they say or what they do They will believe when they're sober Now, inside is where it lies The strength to move along You know I'll never be the same again They made me change for the better I said I want to be free Not shackled by the chains of uncertainty My fall will only come If I let myself down Never follow in the footsteps Create the path on your own Staring straight at the ceiling Feeling nothing at all My bare bones will scrape these sheets I cannot sleep These thoughts are keeping me awake X2 Bury everything that you had left This is the last time you will take a breath Screaming for something that will not come Hoping,Praying that this will be done But you know that this will not end Taking back all of the ugly things you said Mortified by all these awful things we've done Now forgotten You cast yourself aside You lost again all the confidence you had They see the weakness and they will knock, Knock you down, Knock you down You can't hide from every problem that we face Taking back all of the ugly things you said Mortified by all these awful things we've done Taking back all of the ugly things you said Mortified by what we have done No one can escape these lies Tell the truth or it's your demise Tell me the truth I know that you're still watching over me But I fear that I cannot be the man that I thought As long as I know that you are there I can rest with ease and sleep tonight And I know that I cant let you go And I cannot take this over Reaching into the back of my mind Finding all these things I've been hiding From myself and everyone else I'm setting out to prove them wrong I know that if I follow all these steps It will become so clear If you're still standing above me These lessons can't be learned You will not walk on me again When this becomes a distant memory I will stand as tall as these trees I have showed you we will not be walked on this time We will tear this thorn from our side And scream out loud Never silencing again I'll make this stand when no one else will And when your crown falls I'll steal this throne I'll steal your throne You fucking bitch I will never be self righteous I refuse to be a monster All these things that I have learned Brought me here today I wont drown like my brothers Walking backwards Every footstep Seeing everything ahead of me It's like im trapped in this moment Still watching everything unfold I can't watch their selfishness Destroying everything I've built Free me from his cage Help me break these chains So I know what it's like to be alive again Now I know how it feels to be alive again Close your eyes Lets wash away these feelings of emptiness Knowing nothing of what still lies ahead Still moving forward Feeling stronger with every step Don't wage this war on your own mind This is the beginning of something new Trying to rebuild ourselves from the ground up We can't stand with twisted tongues The soil pours from my mouth For all those made to speak against us The soil pours from my mouth With open ears to know the truth Never give up on yourself Don't become your own enemy This battle can be won by you So hold your ground And when the fire is burning inside us Can you feel the heat? Torturing all who stand below us What is becoming of me? We have walked the right path for so long Now it's slowly fading away The soil pours from my mouth For all those made to speak against us The soil pours from my mouth With open ears to know the truth We must move over this mountain To see everything we've changed There is no need for failure We all deserve a second chance You will see everything in me I despise like a disease Now will be when this all begins The tables start turning There is no happy ending When you let this life pass you by Your narcissistic ways will hold on you Until you die We cut it off and watch them fall this time We cut it off and watch them fall this time We spread these lies We spread these lies and now they are laid out on the cutting board This time we spread so thin that we cannot hold no more We cut them off and watch them fall this time We watch them fall This would become You said all this would become Real We're not you Always thinking of a better way But not pursuing anything You say this is all a joke Because you will not see this through Procrastinating is all you've ever known Your mind is like a room with no doors You cannot see in the dark So let me light the way for you Light the way for you I know I can help you if you just let me in Dig this grave Silence fills the air around you I know exactly what you're thinking You've come to terms with the choices you have made But you wont let them hold their weight As this begins to fall apart You think you have won, but this is just the start You can't kill them all Let me take your hand I can lead you through this hell All this sadness seems so miniscule once you see the big picture You only get one chance to breathe Among the giants we've created We are evolving every day You can be better than them Let me teach you these things that have been passed on to me I promise this will be the last time that these tears will fall Like an ocean around you If you don't move the tide will pull you under The water is beginning to rise Now get to shore because it's almost high tide I can't let you drown like this I have to free you from these waves And when the storm becomes so fierce And you can't stand still I will quiet the thunder and calm these winds And if you ever falter I will place the ground back under your feet yet we fear all that's here this is truly suicide Run for your life or they will find you nothing to hide but the demons inside you This is the part where you start to panic outside and hungry they're moving in, they smell the blood skin starts to burn as their teeth sink in We had no choice, we never saw this, for so long One, by one they're making their way through all of us and time is running out If we die here we'll now that we have died in vein but we created another devil inside that we cant break this is all pretend now, now, the blood spills from your mouth and we will stand up and push these men back to the grave overwhelmed by death we slowly watch our numbers fade you can hear them screaming from inside the crowd we have no choice but to turn around and fight fight until your last breath there will be nothing left  Conversation with the silence Gets me safer through the night Let me listen to your words Who am I? I'm a fool that lost the way Led by agony and pain Shall I drown in boundless sorrow Who I am? I look around into the mirror And it feels right I come alive my mind gets clearer I don't want to hear your LIES Of one more paradise (Come alive now) I am dying inside Since I have lost reliance It's an endless sacrifice Await the afterlife (Won't you die now) I am dying inside I have lost reliance It's an endless sacrifice I lay my life into your wisdom Not to find that I'm restrained Nor to find me here in prison I'm afraid I'm getting closer to the mirror Still it feels right My troubled mind is turning weirder Knowing you're just telling LIES My perfect heaven turns to grey Storm is rising through the dark of night I shiver deep inside As the memory fade away I reach into the light Waiting for the end of night Heaven is burning without you (It's burning me inside) I'm falling down The world is not turning Without you (It's breakin' me inside) My heaven burns Will this ever be the same I hear the emptiness Call my name My memory betrayed Will I ever break the chains I reach into the light Longing for the end of night Silence starts to whisper That sad lullaby Of you and I I'm driftin' into darkness When I close my eyes I start to cry Fading illusions Lost in the Dark of the night Once I woke with tired eyes Left the doors wide open Listening as the laughter dies Hear the silence growing All this heartache Can't decline with you not here Tearful memories creeping with the fear Passing through a winter night Strawling through the deadness Dreaming of the end in sight Fall into the sadness A lonely rider Flying on the wings of past Through the fire 'Til the dies been cast RISE Take me to the shore Don't wanna see me die Like I did before RISE Walk right through This door Don't wanna see me cry Like I did before RISE This is the life that Leaves us restless It's the end of all that We have known before The search for beauty Leaves us breathless In these days where nothing Matters anymore This is not our dying... ! I'm holding on Flying to the sun Keep holding on 'Til I'm alive This is the time that Built resistance Stole the innocence of An illusive dream We're fighting back to Close the distance For the change that Has to come And set us free This is not our dying... ! I'm holding on Flying to the sun Keep holding on 'Til I'm alive The deafness in my mind Is screaming Where did we go blind Lost the way Fortune predefined No other meaning Where shall we go When our lives collide Straight to the borderline Feeding the virus of hatred Don't take this heart of mine Is this the last serenade Wide awake - Still forlorn Break of day - Educing the storm Bitter end - Compelling me to rest In silence 'Til we fade away Ignorance was kind Continous Rising with the tide Tearin' down trust With emptiness aside Outrageous All we have been Is turning to dust Straight to the borderline Feeding the virus of hatred Don't take this heart of mine Is this the last serenade Wide awake - Still forlorn Break of day - Educing the storm Bitter end - Compelling me to rest In silence 'Til we fade away Busy city morning As an explosion Takes the peace away People running round in Chaotic motion 'Cross the fiery place Bodies lying lifeless Cover the ground with Blood of innocence Sirens cut the silence An act of violence Inconceivable And all that will remain Is the memory of the pain A terrifying calmness Let my senses slip away I am Watching their faces on fire Screaming through the crow Chaotic senselessness Burnin' hope for untroubled life Liars Speak every kill takes you higher To paradise in hell Innocence has died As we've lost the way Shattered by this madness A tearful sadness growing Deep inside Killing in the name of Absurd illusions Needless suicide Lying alone lost in a dream Breathing gets harder With you not here All by myself - once more you're gone How can I embrace you When you're not near Open your eyes - when you turn to the light We're losing ground on this way Open your eyes - and kick of your pride Before there is no more to say Free your mind Break the chains Don't run away All that I try is staying alive But I have to find me Frozen inside I have become a slave to your will Seems like our time Is moving in for the kill Open your eyes - when you turn to the light We're losing ground on this way Open your eyes - and kick of your pride Before there is no more to say Free your mind Break the chains Don't run away Take your time - look inside Leave behind you will find In the end I will be by your side Turn the tide just step out Of the dark come with me Oh - and come with me For too long we stood in pain Haven't seen the light of day Feel the rising in between Our circle of pride No more secret lullabies No more whispers in disguise A new fate is born within Our precious minds We will find a way through... Once there will be a time The day we return to light And fighting is over Water turns to wine We step behind the line At the end of the darkest night This is our time Filled with passion filled with love Blessed with goodwill from above It's the dawn of a new dream Feel it rise In our blood and in our veins We escape the golden cage Break the chains around our hearts A fateful turn We have found a way through... Tempus Fugit Memento Vivere Still we need to learn To seize the day Our fate has turned Darkness away The ring an empty place Don't want to hide my face I hear the calling Of my saddest feelings inside They always laugh at me About the mask they see But even then their eyes are Closed to what is behind My whole life is a charade The pretender that I am An insidious masquerade No one will ever see The truth in my life The curtain falls The light fades I am lost in this lie Crying in silence is all Left for me No one sees the tears of a clown But me It feels as cold as ice I've learned to pay the price I am the servant Of your pleasure And my deceit But what else could I be This lie is part of me I stumble through the night And fall into a dream Where my life is Not a charade No pretender that I am No insidious masquerade Whispers inside Keep telling me I'll break down Nowhere to hide It feels like I am falling But I can feel it As a desire I'm gonna give you all of me I can hear you The call of angels Now come and take me I am ready Open the gates and Take my soul (I) won't be afraid of Losing it all I'm not falling from grace I'll save my face Transcend the shadows Keeping me away... No life inside My mind's so numb so clouded The candle has died There's coldness all around me And I still hear you The call of angels Now come and take me I am ready Hiding, searching My blood runs cold Emptiness is crying A fairytale untold The ruins of what was Once a dream Arose within the fight Left within the memories There's nothin' more inside Hold me when I'm dying I fear to be alone Save me when I'm crying Can't take it on my own Now that I am stranded Blind and broken Will you light the darkness For I am willing to believe Silent whispers Keep me awake Cold night Creeps into me Turns colors into grey The story of a dying day Is all I have to tell So speaking with my One last breath I bid you my farewell In rage - The fear is hunting me In pain - A life of agony In tears - Somebody call this Heart of sorrow The dark - It came into my life The thrill - Keep me awake at night The fear - How will I ever reach tomorrow It's burning me from deep inside The emptiness is rising within No place to hide I'm on my own The night became a friend on My side My darkest hour Came with the shadows Feels like I Take the weight of the world A shattered soul I see the world in darkness Torn and ruined in disgrace Wake me now Your tears - There is No place to hide Your fear - Attender at my side Your blood - A frozen curse that Leaves me haunted Your fate - Is driving me insane I'll rise - I can't escape the pain I'm here - Somebody take away This madness now Still burning me the end in sight The loneliness is rising within He's on my side I'm all alone Obscurity has taken my pride  This is where it all ended - and began The ridiculed humanity by nature hierarch'es all of them with characteristic aptitudes inherited by our kind and that needles me, as well as observ them solemn eachother Commence ignition! "By melting the earth impact, is taking our archaic world back - infact" Plutonium melted the hemming chants and sirens raised their howl The stir past - you're (gone!) Left a thousand chide words to discern "Beneath the veiling clouds, there lies our pauperizing The far past abondoned relinquishment the nuke was just a miscouncil -But what about... "him"? "He will stir into the opposition but his plot will prevail Do not worry..." -The profound impact put the inhabitants in a gasp! In which ascendancy that made their planet descent The earth will transfigure into a plantation strict Of an eloquent exigency with grit and persiflagness! "Air travellers and their planes subsided to the grounds and there was not a single light on the surface of the earth Power was generated, but not used at all A comprehensive told of an immense, electromagnetic pulse in a scale larger than the surface of the earth itself" This bomb had no purpose of killing! The cataclysm caused the waters to rise and fall and eventually render seas dry, and these barren fields were once more walked upon by men In the midst of the ever-stretching dunes, an expidition finds metallic ruins previously submerged, and excavations revealed a crash site of a vessel A code was recovered from the insides, its origin so old that its relations could be found in any culture before the Erasure befell There was even further mystifications when the carved codes foretold the Erasure itself... Giant salt desert Laid to waste under the scarring sky A fitting symbiose for such settings ...Into the deepening desert Sow men the belief shield, its splintering here lied buried Paint men the portrait of consequence, with motives of dunes -After weeks traipsing, they saw something We never imagined such findings. Are we ment to solve the code, or is it our undoing? ..And in the deserts roamed lawless men, existing in the shadow of what they could not understand. Ungodly asperous waste, what crazed prey would risk inhabitance? Devoutly living off the barren plains Awe of the relic unaccountable Ulterior to the sands, we made our greatest discovery Unexaminable alloys subsumed, and a component of uttermost significance Their greatest minds solved the code partially, but no one knew what they would find, ascertaining the existance of the unknown... Unbelievable enough, the seas sunk But the sudden wide, reputable desert... Thats the astounding! After leaving the crash-site, the expedition recovered even more mystical findings Oversized tracks of footprints, and rags of fabrics totally unknown to this world were spread in a straight vertical line, leading higher and higher This is a newborn desert, and someone is here already This is where He emerged... -Who are you wanderer? The insight of your own kinds defeat an irony I am the formula, made and brought above your figment Also what, you were thought to abhor See me as the conduct! I have elongated in the desert for thousands of years as a nematode in the soil, awaiting this very moment! -This enigma you bring up on us... Towards what does it lead? A turning point, the prehistorical truth, adhered to all religious beliefs! There are evidence A companionship is what I require All of you will collect the "shrewd" fragments of clues that will unmask and then portent the expression; God! Because I am that example! Not world dominant neither the architect of stars But I represent heaven, just as much as hell! "Phase two, built on offensiveness and even more untimidity: a most influenced leader was seen to be abducted to the ships of the unknown invaders" Dolor! Your deduction of superstition is your fiend, a whole matter to this earth Fatal as your breaching core This is the premonition And visualize this - An autocracy For you to obiter-dictum an own "Every star a search we'we called (for a suitable resource furnish), the project on earth is the greatest of them all" It's eclectic correct, face the manner "There is nothing to disavow This is the premonition" Eventually the concorded general was sent back to earth and as behested, he went to collct reverence and bonds with the religious leaders all over the world This breaking conspiracy unleased another cataclysm one among peasants just as predicted in the code... I am the depiction of God they have confronted me and revealed the truth that will reunite us all, because we're all retainers of the same gods "Heed as the creator judges Believe what untruth I've spawned you only believe what I made we're all retainers of the same gods" For those who conspite - in that rediculous matter, is now the objective of either convert or demolish If a crusade in form of a civil world war is needed, we will bring it... "The testaments is verily the same thread divided by false prognosticators"  WOKE UP IN THE EARLY MORNING SUNLIGHT'S IN MY FACE A BLACKOUT MUST HAVE SLIPPED UPON ME IVE NEVER SEEN THIS PLACE THE SKY IS SLOWLY FADING COLOR AND THE CHURCH BELLS START TO CRY UNDEAD RISE UP FROM THEIR GRAVES SCREAMING WHERE TO RUN AND HIDE IN MY DREAMS IVE NEVER SEEN SOMETHING SO IMPURE ALL BLACK COATS IN THE SHADOWS BUT THE LEADER STANDS OUT TALL BOTH LEGS FLOAT IN THE ECHOES COVERED UP WITH FRAUD IN THE SKIES THE EVIL CRIES YOU WILL JOIN OUR GOD CHAIN OF HANDS GATHER ROUND THE ALTER CHANTING THEIR OWN GRACE WEEPING CRIES FROM THE WORLD OUTSIDE IN A BLINK THE PAST ERASED THE SKIES NOW TOTAL DARKNESS ALL IS BLIND I CANT SEE OR FEEL LAUGHING IN THE SHADOWS IS A CREATURE FROM BELOW SAYING YOU WILL KILL OUR GOD IN MY DREAMS IVE NEVER SEEN SOMETHING SO IMPURE ALL BLACK COATS IN THE SHADOWS BUT THE LEADER STANDS OUT TALL BOTH LEGS FLOAT IN THE ECHOES COVERED UP WITH FRAUD IN THE SKIES THE EVIL CRIES YOU WILL JOIN OUR GOD DOWN IN HELL THE FIRES BURNING BRIGHT I SEE THE DEMON LURKING IN MY SIGHT I LOOK INTO HER STARING FACE TO FACE THEN I STRIKE I KNIFE RIGHT THROUGH HER HEART TO SAVE THE HUMAN RACE IN MY DREAMS IVE NEVER SEEN SOMETHING SO IMPURE ALL BLACK COATS IN THE SHADOWS BUT THE LEADER STANDS OUT TALL BOTH LEGS FLOAT IN THE ECHOES COVERED UP WITH FRAUD IN THE SKIES THE EVIL CRIES YOU WILL JOIN OUR GOD WAKE UP SCREAMING,ARMOR UP WEAPON AND SHIELD IN HAND SENT OUT TO DESTROY THE ENEMY APPROACHING CASTLE WALLS I HAVE A FEELING SOMETHING ISN'T RIGHT AIR IS THICK, FOREST RESTS, CALMER THEN A SWARM OF ARROWS RAIN AN AMBUSH REIGNS BEFORE MY EYES BY BROTHERS OF MY KINGDOM WHO ONCE FOUGHT BY MY SIDE ITS LIFE OR DEATH, DECAPITATE THEM ALL ANYONE APPROACHING ME WILL BLEED OUT TIL THEIR FALL BODIES FILLED WITH ANGER I STORM BACK TO THE TOWN THE CITIES DROWNED IN FLAMES A HELL OF BLOODY RAGE I HAVE RETURNED THIS MIGHTY SWORD IT MUST PREVAIL VENGEANCE BE MY GUIDE A NEW CHAPTER FOR MY HOME FOLLOW THE SIGNS WRITING IN STONE INTO THE FIRE, I LEAP IN FLAMES OF DESIRE IM BURNING IM SEARCHING FOR THE MEN WHO THOUGHT THE COULD DECIDE MY FATE A VILLAGER NEAR DEATH SPEAKS WORDS WITH HIS LAST BREATH HE SAID, THE KING MADE THE ORDERS TO KILL ALL THE WARRIORS AND BURN THIS CITY DOWN I HAVE RETURNED THIS MIGHTY SWORD IT WILL PREVAIL VENGEANCE BE MY GUIDE A NEW CHAPTER FOR MY HOME FOLLOW THE SIGNS WRITING IN STONE INTO THE NIGHT THE SMOKE AND FIRE SOARING HIGH THE FINAL FIGHT, TIME TO SCREAM MY BATTLE CRY THE KING SHALL DIE! I HAVE RETURNED THIS MIGHTY SWORD IT HAS PREVAILED VENGEANCE BE MY GUIDE A NEW CHAPTER FOR MY HOME FOLLOW THE SIGNS WRITING IN STONE THE KING IS FULL OF FEAR AS I SLAY ALL OF HIS MEN PREVAIL ONCE AGAIN HE BEGS TO ME FOR MERCY AS HE STICKS INTO MY BLADE THIS MARKS THE END OF MY CRUSADE LOOK AROUND, THE AIR IS FULL WITH FEAR AND WE DON'T CARE AT ALL SUNLIGHT RARELY SHOWS ITS FACE AS IT HINDS BEHIND OUR WALLS POLLUTION SEEPS INTO MY VEINS WHERE MY OXYGEN ONCE WAS CLAWING FROM THE INSIDE OUT IM WRECKED FROM SUCH AS CAUSE HERE MY CALL THESE ARE THE LAST DAYS WHERE WE WALK THE EARTH AS ONCE WE CONSUME ON EVERYTHING TILL THERE'S NO WHERE LEFT TO RUN WELL BE HERE FIGHTING OURSELVES UNTIL EVERYTHING GOES WRONG THE POOR WILL FEEL RIGHT AT HOME AS THE BLESSED CHANT THEIR SONGS THE NEW GENERATION WONT LAST UNTIL OUR PAIN HAS BEEN SET FREE THE FUTURE IS DOWN ON ITS KNEES THE AIR THAT WE BREATHE IS NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE FORESTS HAVE WITHERED AWAY THE LAND IS CORRODING THE OCEANS ARE RUNNING DRY WE HAVE TO LISTEN UP NOW SO WE DON'T FEAR THE BLACK SUN THE NEW GENERATION WONT LAST UNTIL OUR PAIN HAS BEEN SET FREE THE FUTURE IS DOWN ON ITS KNEES THE AIR THAT WE BREATHE IS NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE FORESTS HAVE WITHERED AWAY THE LAND IS CORRODING THE OCEANS ARE RUNNING DRY WE HAVE TO LISTEN UP NOW SO WE DON'T FEAR THE BLACK SUN I SIT HERE AT MY WINDOW AND GAZE DOWN FROM THE SKY I TRY TO FIND MY STARLIGHT TO HELP ME ANSWER WHY RESTLESS DREAMS AWAKEN BUT WHERE DO I BEGIN ITS TIME TO RE IMAGINE ITS TIME TO START AGAIN WHEREVER YOU COULD GO ID SEE EVERYTHING YOU DO DRIFTING HIGH ABOVE YOU SOARING HIGH ABOVE THE SKY ID LOVE TO WALK THE GROUND AND SAY MY LAST GOODBYE BUT WINGS DON'T DESCEND TO EARTH THEY FLY LONELY IN THE AIR AND I WANT TO BE SOMEONE BETTER WHO WOULD MAKE YOU FEEL SO WARM TO BE THE ONE THAT STANDS BESIDE YOU HOLDING HAND TO MAKE OUR CHAIN A CHANCE TO LIVE AGAIN AND I WANT TO BE SOMEONE BETTER WHO WOULD MAKE YOU FEEL SO WARM TO BE THE ONE THAT STANDS BESIDE YOU HOLDING HAND TO MAKE OUR CHAIN A CHANCE TO LIVE AGAIN ALL IS BLIND IN THE WORLD TODAY ANOTHER ANCHOR IN LIFE'S WAY ANOTHER MISCHIEF FOR THE STREETS ANOTHER SOUL WHO LIVES OFF LIES AND CHEATS WAKE ME FROM THIS HELL IM LIVING IN TAKE ME FROM THE WORLD OF HATE AND SIN THE BEGGAR FEEDS OF OF THE STRONGER MEAT WEALTHY OR NOT WE KEEP THEM ON THEIR FEET CONTINUING TO REACH THAT PERFECT HIGH LIVING THEIR LIVES WITHOUT A REASON WHY LOWLIFES ALL AROUND DEATH ABOVE THE GROUND YOUR LIFE'S AN EMPTY SHELL A CLOSED IN PRISON SELL SHELTERS EVERYWHERE YOUR EYES REFUSE TO STARE EVERYONE'S WATCHING YOU ATTENTION IS YOUR ONLY FRIEND THEIR FIRE BURNS MY EYES NO THANKS TO DEATHS DEMISE WAKE ME FROM THIS HELL IM LIVING IN THEIR FIRE BURNS MY EYES NO THANKS TO DEATHS DEMISE WAKE ME FROM THIS WORLD OF HATE AND SIN WAKE ME FROM THIS HELL IM LIVING IN TAKE ME FROM THE WORLD OF HATE AND SIN THIS MORNINGS NEWS IN TODAY IM DIEING MY BODIES ACHING NO MORE MORNING WAKE UP CALLINGS YOU TRY TO SHAKE ME BACK AND FORTH MY EYES ARE OPEN NOTHING MORE YOUR LIPS READ SOMETHING THAT IVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE I MUST BE DREAMING HAVE NO THOUGHTS OR FEELINGS RIP ME APART BUT MY MIND PREVENTS ME FROM SCREAMING CANT UNDERSTAND WHATS GOING DOWN I HAVE NO SIGHT CANT HERE A SOUND ITS TIME TO WAKE UP AND REALIZE ITS ALL TRUE TRAPPED INSIDE IN A PSYCHOS VISION TABLES FLIPPED AND YOUR CARDS ARE BROKEN EVERYTHING BUT A BAD DECISION TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT BALANCE OUT MY WILL OF KILLING ANOTHER DRINK AND THE BLOOD START SPILLING SEPARATE FROM THIS WORLD IM LIVING TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT ALL THESE YEARS OF ENDLESS SEARCHING NOW THERE'S NOTHING LEFT TO LOSE ANYWAY TO KEEP ME FRO DIEING NOW THERE'S NOTHING LEFT TO CHOOSE HEART IS COLD MY MINDS BLANK I GOT NOTHING LEFT TO DO THAT'S WHY ILL REACH MY HANDS OUT REACH OUT AND START SCREAMING TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT MY BODIES DEAD AND OUT OF SIGHT TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT MY BODIES DEAD AND OUT OF SIGHT TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT MY BODIES DEAD AND OUT OF SIGHT TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT MY BODIES DEAD AND OUT OF SIGHT YOUNG LOVE NEVER HARD TO FIND TRUE LOVE FILLED EACH OTHERS EYES HERE THEY SIT ALONE AT NIGHT IN DARKENED FIELDS THEY LAID STARING DOWN A STAR TO CALL THERE OWN FLAWLESS LIFE WHERE FREEDOM REIGNED ONCE A STORY TO TELL NOW ALL HAS BURNED AND GONE TO HELL SOON YOU'LL GROW UP AND YOUR DREAMS WILL BE HELD SHUT UNTIL THE DAY YOU LET IT GO SHE SAID ILL STAY WITH YOU UNTIL THE DAWN OF TIME AS LONG AS THAT START WOULD ALWAYS SHINE ASLEEP THE DAYS AWAKE AT NIGHT A LOOKOUT TIL THE DAWN SHINES A TRAIL OF MEMORIES OF EVERLASTING LOVE FLAWLESS LIFE WHERE FREEDOM REIGNED ONCE A STORY TO TELL NOW ALL HAS BURNED AND GONE TO HELL SOON YOU"LL GROW UP AND YOUR DREAMS WILL BE HELD SHUT UNTIL THE DAY YOU LET IT GO THESE STARS IT SEEMS TO ME THAT SOMETHINGS JUST NOT RIGHT IM STARING INTO OUTER SPACE BUT NOTHINGS IN MY SIGHT A VISION OF A CRASH BRINGS A TEAR ACHE TO MY EYE DISCLAIMING INFORMATION AND EXPLANATIONS WHY FLAWLESS LIFE WHERE FREEDOM REIGNED ONCE A STORY TO TELL NOW ALL HAS BURNED AND GONE TO HELL SOON YOU'LL GROW UP AND YOUR DREAMS WILL BE HELD SHUT UNTIL THE DAY YOU LET IT GO FLAWLESS LIFE WHERE FREEDOM REIGNED ONCE A STORY TO TELL NOW ALL HAS BURNED AND GONE TO HELL SOON YOU'LL GROW UP AND YOUR DREAMS WILL BE HELD SHUT UNTIL THE DAY YOU LET IT GO AND WE WILL FLY AGAIN AND WONT COME BACK  See him Rape me Kill us Death See Come Witness Die now Cut your flesh & worship Satan. Once i had a dream Meticulous womb Those hairy oktopouz Rotten from inside Seen hell saviour Tasted Devotee Running through uretra Pissing at the sky Purple sky (In flames) burn Tasted hell saviour Do u see? Devotee Been back from those depth To finally rip your eyes Been back from my death To finally rape your soul Devotee Submit to me Devotee Blind lies rise Eternal sweet fire Killing /blink One with soul Remains unseen Licking throne of gold Soul of bricks Plague of deaths Hate rise/fill my eyes Those with no eyes Blind to see (him) Those with no eyes Blink Come feel inside Souls of fate Those with no eyes Blind to see Breath now, worship (him) Remains seen Warm caress of fire Breaks the pulse Close your eyes? Trioxyn - embulfed from their third benetikz And the dream fade, gone Awaken elsewhere Satanic fear Specimen 23 This 'love' craving for flesh Craving this pathetic you Hate all this, don't you? I hope you die Become one Join me Confine in me Confidence And the dream fade, gone Awaken in pain Specimen 23 Eyes stuck to blade See it cum All is bone, all is bone Despair - seen and witnessed through soul You, worthless moronic cunt Bleeding? blasphemies? Cut and slash in Satan's name? Razor running deep Flesh dictate the unseen Destroyed flesh for the lord Blood dripping pulse? Eradictate (No? You can't? Too much pain?) Hail Satan Stream drifting away - through nk Exorcised or emercised Best in me? him rised... Sin born, stars through pain relief Pulse, hate factor vomited through chaos I deceive any single of your hope Burn - o nihil khaos Them I hope you die Eternally doomed in desire Gather vector forces - burn Nihil khaos - burn (all & beyond) Nihil khaos - kill (all & their hope) Nihil khaos - rape (you & your vertues) Burn - o nihil khaos Them I hope you die Eternally doomed in desire Gather vector forces - burn Hate spawn Reject / humiliate / exterminate / destroy Destroy Rape  "For I know that my redeemer lives A guarantor upon the dust will stand Even after my skin is flayed Without my flesh I shall see him" Raped, tortured, all experiments I feel repeatedly attacked All those sharp razors entering me Those sounds beneath the skin Traveling through the veins Intravenal message For all to be seen "For I know that my redeemer lives A guarantor upon the dust will stand Even after my skin is flayed Without my flesh I shall see him" My sins are moving the sun Massive pillars will hold the skies Once empty, my body shall resurrect A flood of sins A flood of lies Another son upon the altar "For I know that my redeemer lives A guarantor upon the dust will stand Even after my skin is flayed Without my flesh I shall see him" Air escaped, breathing, searching The konvent klimaxxx Getting nearer Diving forever One final gasp before mind's twilight Kneeling under pressure Skies are falling De principii Mirrors - gazed by the opposite Your faith sanktified - stigmatized Those ablation of virtues remains One's negatron of flesh Soon to be sakro stained Coming in Breathing/searching The konvent klimaxxx Getting nearer Any terminal prayer is consumed Evangelikum De principii Evangelikum De principii Evangelikum Flesh awaits eclipse Blade running on flesh fieldz I dive Blacksun burning inside Hooked by fire Phoenix rising (rise) Dreamz under skin Those incisions Seek those who hide Beneath And below... Rejekted visions Seen it all through skarz Witness with silence Scisors unity, key used Any flesh unlocked Creates an unsoiled kathedral Painwitness, eyewitness Liquid dance Liquid drips (from under to beneath) Forming the offering Dreamz under skin Incisions Seek those who hide Beneath And below... Oh the one above all Let me form the new unity Let us be You Nailz Long time gone Nailed The only son Failure - rapture - failure Raised and force fed lies Never healing from the dogma "See me, hear me, swallow me" Those were my wordz My vision spawns your reflexxxion On day one - flesh bent On day two - repent On day three - heavens? On day four - pregnant Visions through reflexxxion On day five - a new son On day six - reborn Swallow me - "none of yours" Wormz on day 6 Wormz on day 6 Wormz on day 6 Enter... son of lies Father of all Oh sinnerz from down under Rising from one's fall Hear those silent callz Schrei X Schrei X Konvert Body - mind - soul Konvert Restrukturation Of one Of him Son of lies Missing trinity - kneel to the altarz Schrei (For he is) Architekz of the X nave kathedral Temple of lies (For we are) Arkitekz of the X nave kathedral A glimpse of hell between pillars Shriek of invocations Son of lies Arise Kovert X 666 Ripping the skies See them bring darkness Flying far from hope A journey without wingz Unseen yet felt Nor wishing to been seen Those illegal angelz Spreading unlight Oak covered Swallowed forgiveness Sin adorers, icons tied to a konfused past Angelz of forseen disease Flying towards faith Krushing values Raping idols Kreating the new world order Divided soil between the altars Tomb of the kathedral opens From this void An offer to beyond Kreators/Destroyers Future sigils of truth Illegal angelz Worthless pieces of flesh So easy to use A simple tool used and abused Come over Time to achieve life The cyclic twin dance Those with crystal glances Mind usurpers of xristik thronez Injekting khaos - dreams flood Payment under skin The cyclic twin dance Those with crystal glances Mind usurpers of xristik thronez Engulf the whole I Angel becomes sinner Oak covered Shine shine oh my tool Your moves dances with visions When i'll close my eyes Eroded statue with no expression Will wait for 5th apostles awakening Lit the candles Kneel to the shrine Chantz the coming of the new seed Pray Pray Injekt injekt For there will be no redemption Sanctus, sanctus, sanctus Te deprecamur magum redemptorum Benediction benediction Breathing from the wrath of the cup of God Curse unto thee, thou flesh of these hands For hast thou not hid me from salvation? Curse and thorns... the deserved reward For thou has fructified the whore of doubt Therefore hell hath enlarged herself And opened her mouth Without measure And their glory, and their multitude And the pomp, and he that rejoiceth Shall descend into it De profundis clamavi ad te, Domine At last I have learned the love of thy ways The salt and the needles and the nails of my eyes Come now Lord! Make me whole Hooks of light, hooks of sight The path to redemption craves for pain again Curse and thorns... the deserved reward Fire of flesh, fire of skin... purification! Lost sight kingz We are warlust Liquid combat Liquid stardust Reek Cries unheard Schrei X Casualties - fading portraits All in mirrors Engulf the sight in fatality Lost game of life Blood within Reaching out Blood - killing on kommand Hear me - hear my kall Satanik viktory Sorrowfilled - now I see Bw 3 - s8n rise Bw 3 - s8n rise Body as paradox battlefield Army of wounds - dominate Worship him - all in them  Once when mMastery returned to reside In Prince Death's darkly curtained halls Canst thou remember the glorious night Didst thou not answer Him as He calleth? Dancing in line, all His acolytes and priests The One above all dread Grand Archgod of Prey Hath been conjured to rise in the midnight speeches So together we "walked" Walked that nethermost path one that leadeth to the outside Behynde where monuments of vanished days layeth waste Through the gateway of shadows, where resistance is in vain To take Him home, Ruler fixes His stare so blind, Painfull to the eye and minde Conquering the worlds in flight Plague and madness to Mankind: The gate to the Outside was open too long The gate to the Outside was open too long The gate to the Outside was open too long The gate to the Outside was open too long  For the day of the eternal comes, & your remains will be spread among thee All will be gathered, houses destroyed & women raped... For he will rise & will fight until the very last day There shall be no light, for this moment to be unique neither day neither night His name will then be the only name From every doors to every angles, in every places on earth Flesh will rot while standing on your feet Eyes rotting in their cavities Tongue drying in mouth All the hands rising to the skies, pray pray pray for salvation Fighting for Redemption Any living form will suffer from the plague From all nations, they will kneel down, to celebrate the coming wrath From every doors to every angles, in every places on earth Flesh will rot while standing on your feet Eyes rotting in their cavities Tongue drying in mouth All the hands rising to the skies, pray pray pray for salvation Fighting for Redemption Any living form will suffer from the plague Servants of Wrath On this very day, He will chant through me Anything great is built upon sorrow, through your eyes I see the thousand lives I could swallow... Awake me, great father Bless my throat! Thy wordz are spoken Denigrate, the life I was given Rebirth of thought, that Riveting time when All the ideas I never got Lurk the answerz To force real life into Making sense in my Mind numbed by the "dream"... I once lived. Take Me In, yet it's all Carved in my flesh The indelible scarves Of who I was, am and will be Predico incultus per animus qoud cruor Benis ego vestri hostilitas Swallowing dust that sets cells free Engulfing one to become the Else Reaching an higher scheme Dwelling above the mass As the snake did slide Multiple choices got seen All in curves All in lines All in I Did you feel like you could handle it all Did she seem fragile enough Did we teach what could be done Did she realize what was on Did you feel any loss of control Did she get to comfort you Did you feel the stream you spawned Did she made it clean in all she offered Did it change anything in your eyes Since And during The offering Once an another Now obtained Another tool colliding towards the end Just shaping it all Bringing dynamics to the whole All those breather chained Mouth as battery, locked on one impulse Wounds as links Burns as keys Those touch used to be like My sin Now it's come to unseal you within Never dealt with anger until the day You burst in fire Blessed be thee for all that you may Offer me, enhance me Fire it up And Burn it up Make it collide in ashes Seven seals that never made it Conclusion never was your thing The path choose always seemed to be what made you Those touch used to be Like My Sin Now it's time To consume your within Never felt that complete Until reunion of you & my breathing Words brought back to life Those meaning and those invective tone we had What did affect without effect Took another form one will never neglect Torments of angels that faded All those shade I had to sew back making all one Reaching none while All those shadows I had to fake Hiding some form Praying the One... Trapped in a body My own betrayer Not allowing any moves nor excess An unsharp tool that damage unity An enemy within that evolves toward statues Lack of motion, lack of action, Mind overprocessing For he hath shown the way and put on my path The pain and the torture of a shattered body I shall go on, wearing the burden of Pain, turning it Glorifying it For it didn't limit the strong For it didn't stop the Evilution For it just changed the process And made the whole scheme higher Battling on different mindfield Words as weapons Eyes as judges Smell the viktory & sense the defeat I'll fade your self away You're just souvenirs after all I just can't make you hang in there I just can't peel you off my skin You won't remember All the pain you caused well Anyway You were claiming to say Here is justice, here is punishment, here in me That never fooled those who listened Until that day when you prooved us wrong The wrong matter, the wrong tools It doesn't matter anymore It never left our heads, not a word, not a whisper All kept secret & self deny We made it sick, we made it wrong To make it beautiful to go through & so painful for you to breath Once when Mastery returned to reside In Prince Death's darkly curtained halls, Canst thou remember the glorious night? Didst thou not answer Him as He calleth? Dancing in line, all His acolytes and priests, The One above all, dread Grand Archgod of Prey Hath been conjured to rise in their midnight speeches So together we walked Walked that nethermost path, one that leadeth to the outside Behynde where monuments of vanished days layeth wayste Through the gateway of shadows, where resistance is in vain, To take Him home... Ruler fixes His stare so blind, Painfull to the eye and mynde, Conquering the worlds in flight, Plague and Madness to Mankind... The Gate to the Outside was open too long Desires brought forth, sweet work of torture Matters not to view pain & suffering as an ending Feel them as the beginning Prove me that you're more than flesh Dare to Dare to expose the divine Moves to call the sins Sweat dripping, engulfed in streams My life to live again To see it all through your veins For days & for days, Rape you again Feel you again What once was shall never be the same Yet I dream I dream of those collages of hope Those I broke I cherish what I made of you Crowned & whipped Blood collecting For how long will you Come back to life I want to end your breath again & again See me as Saint Canonize my Name... Brought back to life, for me to burn all your hopes again - view me as a saint, blood libel  A day of mourning, a small piece of us died (don't hold your breath, we'll rise above). Like the insects you believe us to be, we'll swarm your every move. Push for a change, our path towards unity...Push for a change, louder as the fight lasts longer. Why would I want my leader to be one of us when we're just as clueless as he? The people divided, we must be united. The people divided, we must unite. Oh, the lies, the pain, look into my eyes You crossed your fingers when you said forever I should have pulled the trigger You look much better smashed into the ground I hope I'm not a fortune teller DEATH IS SERENITY Open your eyes for one last sunset I'll never have an explanation for your utterly pathetic attempt at love Forgive me...  Long for a time of purity, a blindfold on to shroud the pain The child lies deep within, reflections of the past The truth is sinking in, my dream world fading fast An envy of the innocence we once possessed Giving back, a sacrifice, the power to make things right Through this war, don't let go, an inspiration to us all A new and harsh reality, this is the chaos that we breathe A world plagued with a deep insanity, this is the chaos that we breathe You mean everything to me, don't let go of this Persistence will light the path, keep reaching for the best To fall is human, to rise, the strength to carry on A new and harsh reality, this is the chaos that we breathe I saw you bleeding on the cross You didn't die for me, my people did! Your followers destroyed a culture You stripped them of their pride, you stripped them of their lives (they bled for me) you just made them bleed I'd rather die on my feet than live on my knees Mouth of the oppressor speaks the word of god The speech of ignorance, the grip of fear, the sound of the end As I pray you'll be more forgiving than the ones who speak your name With all your love, how could you take someone away? Don't you know what you've caused? And as I awaken from this dream, my eyes are open This nightmare ensues/i remember, you don't exist You don't exist!  A dialogue, inaudible Above the ground, nightmares exist An absolute catastrophe Our fear, our weakness shining through We did it to ourselves Writings no one will read Sounds no one will hear Open the door and shield your eyes Witness the horror you've always denied A holocaust beyond the walls But within our hearts, dreams still exist A fight for humanity This is the way legends are made Against all odds, we'll live again This is the end, a time to begin Plant the seeds, they'll grow in time We'll live again The eyes surrounding The pressure is mounting Billions of fingers pointing the blame Your words are whispered Your smirks like pistols Loaded and ready to fire All alone I'm helpless (so helpless) But all together we can do this For each other, for ourselves Heart is all it takes Trapped in every direction As darkness encircles But I know there's a light I could feel it inside Heart is all it takes Sometimes you have to Burn your bridges And never look back Cut the ones who never gave back Bite your tongue Til it bleeds and writhes Just to keep this enmity inside I stop these tears And hold my head up high I face my fears And keep hope alive A test in solitude Your face only makes it burn Feet planted firmly Fists clenched tightly Dyslexic messages Read between the lines Just let it go, let it die My silence holds strength When worlds cannot explain "Distance makes the heart grow fonder" Who said that anyway? Must've been someone just like me A hopeless design, under constant repair All the wiring tangled, disconnected Burnt wires, short circuits Dip me in water, destroy my insides It'd feel a lot better than this Being alone, desolation at its finest hour Being torn away from you, the essence of torture "What if," a devastating thought "Why" is eating at my heart God, where are you when I need you? I'm stuck, I'm so fucking lost Those things most important to me You shouldn't be one of them But you are, I can't help it These scars, I can't stop them Your words, they latch onto me Never weakening, only weakening me I have so much to say, but no time to say it I've said too much, sew my mouth shut So lost without you I keep falling Falling apart Falling for you Falling deeper I reach up for you You're still so far away Please clutch my hand And don't let go Don't let go Somewhere in my head Weakness makes me invincible This place does not exist Nowhere can I be myself If only I'd enjoy the suffering Welcome to reality A place where weakness is destroyed Watch it spiral down Into the darkest hole I close my eyes And hope to hit the floor Watch me spiral down Repeating all my woes Hear my failing words They echo If I could crush my skull If I could examine my thoughts What the fuck would I see? It's all so different Life has been raped Love has been executed Excreted through bowels of infestation I always knew love smelled like shit This force is pulling me away, closer to the dark Eclipse the light Now I feel the presence, the power, the darkness It lives inside You're not immaculate, just a misconception Impregnated with animosity You tremble at the thought A story in your tears This means so much more Textbooks cannot explain The tragic history of man The innocents, the bloodshed Don't pray for him False sermons for the frail Pray for a change Pray it's almost over Familiar faces overhead Memories fall from sullen eyes Fallen soldier, hear these words In your honor, we unite Fallen friend, hear my cries In your name, we'll continue to fight This is all too real, all too familiar What this generation needs now is a revolution We'll fight, not in the name of a three-way lie But in the name of our brothers, Our sisters, our mothers, and our fathers With death comes life This place of plastic Where the fakes are so real This toxic wasteland Where the real is unreal The dirt, poverty, and loneliness Where the movies come true Thinly shrouded by the extravagance Of the privileged few, haughty elitists We'll never be like them We'll simply rise against We're the struggling masses Where we come from is how we will live Beauty in chaos, not the Hollywood bullshit Where we come from is how we survive It's in our blood, don't you ever forget it A concrete jungle where we rest our heads In the midst of the madness This is where we live And this is where we'll die Our birthplace, our burial site This is where we'll die I had a dream last night You were standing at my door Welcome home, lifeless shadow To give is to receive But you've given me nothing Not even tragedy Could open my sleeping eyes The sight of empty space The fear you'll never return You'll never return My greatest fear has come true Forced to breathe without you This waking nightmare is realized Breathing without you The final chapter, a revelation I will breathe without you Awaken When sleep comes, forget it all Sleep should be like death Eyes wide open, I've awoken I will breathe A cough so dry, it tears flesh away Brittle nails, I'm biting again Scratch and burn, old and used But ready to make anew Ready for what's coming next I wouldn't have it any other way The storm is coming Dark clouds above Engulf me, engulf us all Our throats are dry, renew us Give us life, give us strength Mother nature, the almighty, let it rain Give us life, give us strength, so let it rain Drown our corpses Wash us away, sweep us into the gutters Rebirth of I, a path not made for the weak But that worth living for Worth dying for, stays the same Always, my home, so let it rain Constant change, forever in motion  I've gored my chest Chucked a bleeding, beating pulp into ice cold waters Rushing into nothingness My soul is gone, my body's dead A limp and lifeless shell, an empty soulless thing a reptile shedding skin, a brand new side of me This is my revolution, my conclusion Of the world, a wicked place Filled with shallow, selfish creatures Tearing at my flesh To whom it may concern I'd love to watch you burn A parasitic pandemic The bane of my existence No karma for the wicked, Ignorance is bliss The lucky ones are left digging through the shit This is my revolution, my conclusion Of the world, a wicked place Filled with heartless, evil creatures Ripping at my flesh Lights. Camera. Action A superstar with a fatal attraction Bare flesh with makeup to hide the scars You look so glamorous begging from your knees Doing everything it takes for a life of luxury (To lose integrity) X-rated and jaded, your purity is penetrated You've sold your soul Congratulations, you've made it Derailed, for sale, the back of your throat impaled You love to be on top, but you've failed Welcome to Hollywood Where all your dreams come true Abandon everything This is the price of fame Gag on this, it'll take you to the top 27 murdered in the streets Peace to violence, violence to peace A public execution becomes reality Immortalized for the world to see This is the price of freedom This is the price she paid Innocence betrayed Open your fucking eyes It's time to realize This happens every day Tehran, a place of protest Ancient necropolis Images ingrained forever Angel of Iran, a nightmare that never ends We raise our fists in your honor We the people, ice in our veins Pandemonium, all hope is shot A voice of a generation Yet she didn't say a word A face so unforgettable Until we meet again Neda, angel of Iran Neda, the world won't soon forget Your face, the cause you died for  We are dying. We are diseased. We are the cancer that is killing these streets I watched myself dying. Choking on this pathetic consumer...death. My eyes are burnt. My tongue is cut. And I am lying in a pool of my own blood. Coloured black from this parasitic poising. Coloured black because I hate myself. And I just opened my eyes. To see I'm sitting still in darkness. This world is shit. This world is not mine. And I cant rise above this filth. Dragged back down. Knee deep in shit I'm drowning. Choking on this pathetic consumer wasteland. And I'm buying. I bought it all. I bought my freedom for $9.95. And I don't feel a thing. I don't feel anything anymore... Are you searching for something? Never feeling quite complete... No one knows what they want. Who they are or where they are going. Because there is no answer. We're already dead Hollywood is the rotting heart of a decaying nation. And this heart wont stop beating until we burn it down. Silhouettes, streetlights your selling yourself. Just distractions. You weak motherfuckers your living your life on your knees. You weak motherfuckers. Modern culture is a disease. You ain't living your just killing. You ain't living your just consuming. Hollywood is the rotting heart of a diseased population. And this heart wont stop infecting until we burn it down. And this heart wont stop beating until we burn this city to the ground The weak are getting weaker. And the youth are dead or pacified. Your living your tv dream. While the innocent are bred to die... I'll take a stand for those who cant. I'll scream for those who cant speak. Caged and slaughtered. A life of misery. Just to line the pockets of rich companies. While we suck at the hand of media and corporations. We grow fat and sedated. We kill and destroy... Our life is over consumption. Go vegan What has this become. A loveless parade of inhibition? A lack of morals and respect. Now I'm a lover. Never a fighter But this shit has to end. Show some respect. Your still a whore nothing more nothing less. Keep your dicks in your pants scum bags. Keep your dick in your pants We are all fucking diseased... A cancer rotting in these concrete tombs. We built the cages. We joined the chains... Now we lie motionless in these cities our graves... As soon as I opened my mouth to breath I was choking on the irony... Theres no salvation left. I tried to find it in a lovers eyes. And in them I saw this city ablaze. The tragedy we play out..our lives burning. Like the crosses we cemented on the hillside looking down on us. A reminder of the disease that flows like blood through these streets. This is the age of hate.no second chances. I live a life of spite... I made my choice and I will fight for my convictions. I made my choice and I will fight for my beliefs tonight After these years of running against their walla. My body is bruised. I'm bleeding. My hand is numb but kept alive my hope. But hope for what? A fucking revolution? Our fucking salvation? The sun has already set on the ignorant years of my life. We watched it burn to a bitter ending in the dawn of a jaded light. Now I'm at your daggers edge. Waiting for the final curtains to fall... Jokes on you mother fucker. You cant kill whats already dead. Theres something left in this cold heart That tells me this ain't over yet. Jokes on you mother fucker. You cant kill whats already dead Cold skin to shaking lip. She is a shell for you. To be beautiful is to be raped... By love? Just a lifeless longing for touch. Screaming and clawing for more. With those 523940 eyes. She thinks its love. And in those m12 amethyst lips. She thinks its love. As you caress her cold body. Shes shaking. Shes empty. Just another shell for you. Fucking magician. Fucking mind control. Cold skin. In all its beautiful lust. Cold skin. You stole her innocence. You stole her beauty. She is empty. You clawed out her eyes All innocence is dead... You can't lift your head. Don't act so proud. With your forked tongue spitting out my life. A sitcom vulture. Preying on peoples lives. Like you had the higher ground? Your life is a soap opera praising apathy. Masturbating over fantasies. Not one word. We'll tear your throat out. Cut you open to find there is nothing left inside. Your empty. No more words. We'll tear your throat out. Leave you speechless forever Hollow eyes, but alive and still diseased Everyone is screaming, but no ones saying a thing.. 1 thousand empty words from a thousand empty voices Won't change a thing.. No culture, No movement, No expression, Just distance. Romanticised failure and apathy, Their cross's keep burning, blind eyes keep turning Centuries of progression for an age of ignorance Do you feel the guilt? do you feel? Lifetimes spent longing for an image No consequence just decadence and greed - Nothings gonna make you live forever Do you feel the guilt? Wash the blood from your hands.. Blackened eyes, are you breathing? Empty words, is your heart still beating? You can't live forever, we just want to live now. Find your voice, find those words, take it back The time is now. I still remember who you were and who you claimed to be ...and still ...inside and out ...you're fucking empty. Nothing but a shell. With different clothes, fake emotion, feigned personality. I still remember who you were and who you claimed to be. ...with every word and every letter from every language, I could not construct a single sentence, That could do you justice. That could express my disbelief. At your pretentious lack of judgment... The tongue in your cheek. You said the world has changed, That you haven't, that you just stayed the same. It's sad to say that you became EVERYTHING YOU LOVED TO HATE If you had any substance left, I could look you in the eye and shake your hand, To apologize, for the day when I snap And I finally cut that tongue from your cheek.. Your jealous mouth may poison me - and your touch may burn my skin But the rotting wound where your heart once was, Will do more damage than I could ever give  As innocent life is born. Behind locked foors and concrete walls. It's injected with poisons. Eyes melt, skin burns. It cries and it bleeds. Until finally, finally it breaks. I can feel the misery, I can feel the cold in your heart No compassion, no love. You're stunning, you're beautiful You would kill for attention What will it take to cure your apathy? 500 deaths a day for your beauty. Where is the science? There is no benefit, Only fraud and mass murder. It's blood is statistics, But smells of burning flesh. Just a haze of blood and shit. I will stop at nothing to make this right. Got to find a way to set this world free. To set their world free. Tonight's the night, we come clean, Truth is, I got nothing to say. But you can't see your desperation anyway. This is the point when the lights are meant to go You and everything seems to hit? But the lights just get brighter And now the crowds start to form. The words break and the silence hits. Relentless, crushing, can't shake the disbelief. It's hard to think I once called this place my home. So I retreat to the only place I know, The only place that holds me. The only that holds me, The only place that I can go. I take the spotlight it seems And look into the dark (instantly surrounded by wolves and cowards) I see the hunger in their eyes, But they wont feast tonight, Cowards, words not faces, liars, disgraces You wont break me, you wont break me. I used to be a better man, But these years have seen me fall. I held the taste of glory and pride. But that life has gone, sour in the sun. Days are shorter, nights are too damn long. Now the bitter taste of failure sits on my tongue, Full of cliches, full of shit. But I like the way the sky shines, When you look it through open eyes. I like the wya the city burns, When you see the flames of freedom spark. I still am, that better man And these years have seen me tested, I still hold the taste of floury and pride, My beliefs are strong They shine with the sun, Still full of cliches, still full of shit. I know now, the colour of regret, Its blood red (I'm blood red), I guess I'm better for it. So you stare in disgust at the face in the mirror Bloodshot, your eyes are hazy And the mist from the shower Doesn't hide your neck sagging onto your bare chest You look down but you can't see the floor, Only thick white, flesh. Liver spots texturise, And you can feel it dying too. Every drink, every step brings you closer to the sun. You rest on a crutch, never wanting to walk You'd rather crawl, rather slither across the floor You stare in disgust at the face in the mirror Cursing life for being so unfair, You bought it all, the lies, the freedom, Everything had a price and you paid The sun is setting, and you are sinking, You are broken your flesh is diseased, And your bones are brittle And you still don't understand, that you lived a lie? This gun is resting against my head, I'd sooner pull the trigger than hear your voice again, I'd rather be dead. You talk, you fucking scream right through me. Nothing but fear and silence is all I hear. Its all I hear, its all I fucking hear. One thousand cliches could never describe your ignorance. You ain't fighting for difference, You're just clinging to an old tradition, That you don't even understand. You are scared of change. Living with the feeling that you are never good enough, Haunted by your mistakes, No substance can erase that bitter taste (although we try) Never feeling, that what you have is enough. Stuck in the heart of this parasite, As it pushes the sides out to die. Concrete falls apart & cultures are left to rot on the outside. Always wanting something more, always asking why, The powers that be are trying to create a one world homogenized society. The constant removal of variety in other cultures & people. I feel like I don't belong, constantly fighting demons on the inside. Constantly fighting the self doubt this culture grew inside of me. Life is nothing I saw on tv, I don't see the happy ending. I've watched the sunset on this western paradise. I've seen the faded edges, witnessed the lights burn out. Now the world is freezing, and it is fucking dark The blood red tide is rising and there's no high ground. Arms bound and legs shaking, we can't kick to save ourselves. The faint flow of burning flags sends shivers down our spines, This is what we fought for? A desolate wasteland, raped and scorched. The waters will rise, to wash away the filth, But the blood they spill will never match their guilt. Once stood a shimmering city, full of soulless sheep, Under mountains of concrete that pierced the sky. The privileged kissed the stars and we kissed their feet, But now this city build on sand has finally sunk beneath And now we swim like sharks through the roughest of seas, Trying to salvage the shipwreck of humanity A world built on fear and flesh. With x's on eyes, we sit complacent. These burning lights they blind our eyes. Thirsts are quenched from our veins turned rivers. I beg to question, what makes you different? I beg to question, what you do for difference? You are alive, open your eyes. You are alive, open you eyes. So who wants to be so pathetic That they spend their final days Bathing in their own self pity? Now's the time for our actions To speak louder than our words. Let the silence end, here and now. We are alive. While plastics kept our beauty to your last breath. No science could keep your heart from embracing death. You died an angel, on top of the highest mountain. You stole the love of thousands And your death only glorifies the pain Of living in a star glazed world. You took that last breath as we watched, Hoping for the world, To collapse with your lungs And so after all these years kept alive From the glow of our eyes. Nothing, nothing, could save you from time. Never aging in books, plastics kept your looks, You spread the infection. They would die for beauty, They would die for power, Just a kiss from the heavens. So powerful with your beauty, So captivating, so ethereal. Your wisdom shines like a vacuum sealed dream, But that pain, that infection, Will never find a home in me. You will never exist in me, praise be! Prophets of delusion, Prophets of material things, I don't believe in you. Soaked in blood, bound by hair & skin. I won't carry this flag. Murder and torture, aren't virtues I can hold And apathy is a disease that will never consume me. I sleep with my eyes open, waiting for the tides to change. To bring you to your knees, if only for one day. To see the suffering, you will taste... misery will have her revenge. As the animals die, you stand fit to prosper But when the cancerous tumors explode inside of you And the soil beneath rots away, They will see you in hell and you will be... judged. You will pay, misery. We are gold, in your world of filth. We are gold and we sleep with our eyes open.  This is where my mind escapes - to you I can't relate! This is where my mind escapes - to you I can't relate! I can't relate! Blind eyes burnt black, taste torn away! A bitter taste? Oh how I pray.. To mask that stench you create. That black hole! The weight of it's gravity. This is where my mind escapes - to you I can't relate! The slow burn, the pull of negativity. I stare through you, so paper thin, with your paper skin! Whispered words only fall on deaf ears, sticks and stones, I'm at peace with all my fears! This is where my mind escapes - to you I can't relate! Blind eyes burnt black, taste torn away! Old friend, how did we get to this day? Hater tell me, what the fuck do you have left? Skin and bones - where is all your flesh? Where is all your flesh?! Where is all your flesh?! Trust me as I swear, black and blue, that this song is about you! Where is all your flesh?! No real love to be felt, no true romance can be held, when a life is measured in the accumulation of wealth! I HAVE LEARNT! A cold heart cannot emit warmth and a poisened mind cannot be cured! What glory will you hold? When these lies are exposed? Nothing gold will stay - we must find a better way! So why won't you learn your lessons and teach them to your sons and daughters? So this societal cancer, these poisened minds don't move further! Why is it unreasonable to suggest an alternative sustainable future? Where the lives we live are stronger! What glory will you hold? When these lies are exposed? Nothing gold will stay - we must find a better way! Because the vultures still live! Because the ignorant still teach! Because the blind man still claims he sees! Nothing gold will stay! We find a better way! Nothing gold will stay! We find a better way! I feel nothing from no one, share no empathy! But I got some problems, eating away at my sanity! I feel nothing from no one, share no empathy! But I got some problems, eating away at my sanity! Just another lost soul, spinning out of control. Don't tell me what I already know! An endless cycle, a downward spiral! An endless cycle, a downward spiral! Don't stop to think, we're out of control.. You feel hollow, a hunger that just won't see an end, no amount of water will quench.. You feel hollow, a hunter that just won't see an end, no amount of money that you can spend.. The failings of our social environment, becoming all to apparent.. These foundations that house our sanity, will shake and.. SPLIT! SPLIT! SPLIT! SPLIT! And I think my mask is about to.. SLIP! SLIP! SLIP! SLIP! Don't tell me.. I'm just another lost soul, spinning out of control. Don't tell me what I already know! An endless cycle, a downward spiral! An endless cycle, a downward spiral! Can't tell you how to untangle a web.. Spun so well! Spun so well! Can't tell you how! I see your mind is sick and your body is slow! Friend tell me now - where do we go? I just don't know! I just don't know! Am I the only one who doesn't share the disease? Am I the only man who hasn't drowned in apathy? And I feel fucked up - feel like everyone's shouting! No home for the homesick man. I've got nowhere to go! I'm trapped by these fucking walls.. If I didn't burn these bridges - I'd cross them all! This will mean nothing to any of you.. AND I DON'T GIVE A FUCK! I just want to see it all burn! "We are the lost children of a lost generation", because it sounds so fucking cool, to say "WE ARE NOTHING FROM NO ONE"! The apathetic wastes, who care more for labels than faces - fucking disgraces! So where do you turn, when the lights are getting low? I sing this from the heart and you would never know, and I don't want you too.. Because I DON'T GIVE A FUCK, ANYMORE! I just want to watch it burn! Let's see the world burn.. Let's see the world burn! Let's see the world burn It's funny to think, I penned such sweet words for you, that I shed tears and felt real pain for you! It's funny to think that I felt anything at all.. Now I only see a rusted anchor, you've got no soul! And I need to tell you that, I wasted some good years under your spell! And I need to tell you that, I was living hell! And I'd be lying if I said, I could EVER miss you! I swore that night you'd always be in my heart - nothing could ever tear us apart.. nothing! And I saved you once, and I saved you twice, stitched sliced wrists, picked you up off the floor! Smashed that bottle that I told you to ignore.. I told you to ignore! BROKEN EVERY VOW THAT YOU SAID TO ME! LOVESICK! BROKEN EVERY VOW THAT YOU SAID TO ME! LOVESICK! And now you wonder why I can't look you in the eye? Because I know what I don't wanna know.. And I don't wanna know! And I don't wanna know! How many beds you've warmed, how much flesh you've turned.. And I don't wanna know! And I don't wanna know! How many sheets you've crawled, how many lives you've soiled.. And I don't wanna know! And I don't wanna know! And it's funny to think, I shared anything with you! And I regret every second I wasted on you! And I wish for nothing, but desert and walls between us! It's not that I hate you - I've just lost all respect.. LOVESICK! And now you wonder why I can't look you in the eye? LOVESICK! And now you wonder why I can't look you in the eye? LOVESICK! I stand here, not one but with the strength of a million, hear their voices echo every word! We need the world to see themselves through our eyes, to see the poison, to see through the lies. And I said it before - and I'll scream it again, and I said it before - and I'll scream it again! I'll take a stand for those who can't, and I'll scream for those who can't speak! I'll take a stand for those who can't, and I'll scream for those who can't speak! Can you hear me? Can you feel me? I stand here not one but with the strength of a million, hear their voices echo every word. We need the world to see themselves through our eyes, to see the poison, to see through the lies. Do you feel the guilt? Do you? Do you feel the guilt? Do you? Show.. Show some heart! Show.. Show some heart! And I said it before - and I'll scream it again, I'll take a stand for those who can't, and I'll scream for those who can't speak! I feel your eyes on me! Hear your voices speaking my name - DOUBT! Sinks in those daggers dig so deep man, so deep, I can't explain! What happened to that thick skin? That kept my sanity in.. Now I'm just wasting away, bright eyes fading fast! I am always at my ends, always at my ends! So when did I make the time to dig a ditch so big that oceans surround me? That's how far I feel from reality.. You might look at me and think: He's just not there! He's just not there! He's just not there! He's just not there! He's just not there! And I stare at myself, staring at you, and I just don't care, because I'm not there.. no! I'm miles away, an ocean away! For all of those lost inside, you know the true power of your mind! That the nightmare is when you're awake, and sleep is the only escape - the world is cold and every crowded street you are alone, blinded by eyes and judging thoughts, silenced by others words.. The world is cold and every crowded street you are alone. Whiles others fight for attention, and fight for the centre stage, we slip back, we fade away. And so we fight - and we win! I wonder how we can not react with violence and pure hate, when that's all we've ever been shown, when it's all we have ever known? And I wonder if one day when the shackles are broken, if the masters will see mercy, when mercy is unknown? How? When no mercy has been shown.. HOW DO I SEE? With this black cloud surrounding me! HOW CAN I FEEL? Love when it's drowned in misery.. To awake a mind that's only been taught to sleep? - Give me relief! And I fucking hate this negative shit! Possessed and consumed by every thought unsavory. - Show me clarity! And I fucking hate this negative shit! And I'm sick of staring at the tongues in your fucking cheeks, and I'm sick of everyday being so god damned fucking grey! Come at me! Come at me! Come at me! I'll open a mind blinded by negativity! Show me release, to awake a mind that's only been taught to sleep? - Give me relief! And I fucking hate this negative shit! Possessed and consumed by every thought unsavory. - Show me clarity! And I fucking hate this negative shit! HOW DO I SEE? With this black cloud surrounding me! HOW CAN I FEEL? Love when it's drowned in misery.. And I wonder if one day when shackles are broken, if the masters will see mercy - when mercy is unknown. Speak to me kid - tell me what you see. The reflection of this worlds pain & misery? Look into these eyes - tell me what you see. Can you feel the pain? Can you feel the gravity? Look into yourself - tell me what you see. Are you the answer? Are you the problem? Every single one of you, is fucking guilty! For crimes against this world! Can you taste it? Can you taste it? The blood in your fucking mouth! Can you feel it? Can you feel it? The weight of a thousand lifes! What can you tell me to justify? I can see your weak, you need to lie to yourself. The tongue in your cheek, I'll make a martyr of you! I see your weak! Can you tell me why thousands die? I see your weak! To satisfy an unwarranted way of life? I see your weak! Can you tell me why? Can you tell me why? Speak to me kid - tell me what you see. Can you taste it? Can you taste it? The blood in your fucking mouth! Can you feel it? Can you feel it? The weight of a thousand lifes! What can you tell me to justify? I live a life of spite! We are all diseased, a cancer, rotting in these concrete tombs! We built the cages, we joined the chains! Now we lie motionless.. THESE CITIES - OUR GRAVES! Like the crosses cemented to the hillside, still dated but here after all this time. A reminder of a disease that still flows like blood through these streets! Please believe you're apart of this, we can make a difference! I don't blame the symptoms, I blame the cause! And it's in our foundations, in lines these halls! I don't blame the symptoms, I blame the disease! It's blinding, it's deafening! APATHY! Murderer, how can you sleep? Parasite, dancing on our asphalt graves.. Blind eye turn black, taste burnt away, no sour taste in.. THESE CITIES, OUR GRAVES! Like the crosses cemented to the hillside, still dated but here after all this time. A reminder of a disease that still flows like blood through these streets! Please believe you're apart of this, we can make a difference! I don't blame the symptoms, I blame the cause! And it's in our foundations, in lines these halls! I don't blame the symptoms, I blame the disease! It's blinding, it's deafening! APATHY! I'm not looking for a scapegoat, I'm as guilty as anyone else, but at least I'm fucking trying.. "At least I'm fucking trying!" I made my choices and I still believe in a life lived standing.. I live a life of spite! So let it rain on me! So let it rain on me! So let it rain on me!  I grew up in the cold with frost inside my bones. But this chill runs through me like the cold never knew me. This reaper on my back keeps whispering an easy way out but I ain't scared of it, I'm not scared to live and I ain't scared of it, I'm not scared to live. (Explanation - This is about growing up with pain and struggle. These trials and tribulations will scar you forever. Everyone has their own story. Most of my scars are not physical but mental. Although at times I feel weakened by the path I took to become the man I am today. I wouldn't be who I am without those lessons. The war is constant, I have overcome & I will always overcome.) You dig a hole. 5 days a week. So you can sleep at night, So you can sleep? Carry the burden, carry the weight It will drown you one day And then you'll sleep forever And your body will rot The years will bury your name and over time you'll be forgotten Carry the burden, carry the weight It will drown you one day Oh it's hard to see a good hearted kid running scared Running scared with a tail between their legs going back Going back on every single thing that they ever said Fuck that I'd rather be dead Than be afraid to live Than to be a coward going back on every single thing that they ever said I'd rather be dead. You dig a hole. 5 days a week. so you can sleep at night, So you can sleep? Carry the burden, carry the weight It will drown you one day Oh it's hard to see a good hearted kid running scared Running scared with a tail between their legs going back Going back on every single thing that they ever said Fuck that I'd rather be dead You won't get to quench the greed You won't get to justify the want with the need You won't get to live beyond your means Six feet deep Your body will rot Coffin keeper No one will remember your name (Explanation- Life is so short. If working an office job or the counter at some fast food place makes you happy then you're doing it right. You shouldn't have to count down the hours waiting to die behind a desk or a power tool if you don't want to be there. Find something you love, be the best you can be at it and most of all be happy.) I saw your ghost it was calling out for me. Do you know where it goes at night because it always come to me I saw your ghost it was calling out for me. Do you know where it goes at night Because it always comes to me The world turns and I'll forever mourn And I'm sorry that I wasn't the closest And I'm sorry but I always cared I could see this coming a mile away Didn't do enough to show you another way I loved you before I love you still I always will Haunt me as I roam And I can't sleep some nights when I see your face Just to know a life can be lost and just slip away You were fucked up when I saw you and I don't know if you ever knew You were fucked up when I saw you but my words to you forever ring true I loved you before I love you still I always will Haunt me as I roam Sometimes those feelings affect me. Like I never could grasp the reality of when you left me and that's selfish to say because you left us all when you took your life away. Haunt me as I roam You needed something to something to hold on to I guess theres too much of you in my veins & it's slowly starting to shut me down. Give me a reason to breath Give me a reason to think clearly Tell me why I shouldn't leave Tell me why I shouldn't wander endlessly & it's slowly starting to shut me down. Ive been thinking I've been thinking about this too long and I've been going about this all too wrong. Never knew what to say or what to do to voice these thoughts the best to you. When I wake up I feel sick. There is no end to this. There is no end. I guess theres too much of you in my veins & it's slowly starting to shut me down. Give me a reason to breathe Give me a reason to think clearly Tell me why I shouldn't leave tell me why I shouldn't wander endlessly Nothing worth keeping comes that easy, This pain this world won't defeat me Never knew what to say or what to do To voice these thoughts the best to you. When I wake up I feel sick. There is no end to this. I guess theres too much of you in my veins & it's slowly starting to shut me down. Give me a reason to breathe Give me a reason to think clearly Tell me why I shouldn't leave tell me why I shouldn't wander endlessly When I Wake I feel sick There Is No End to this I'm staring at the sun, screaming out my lungs. I've sang a hundred words to chase a hundred problems right out of my mind. I've got so much trouble on my mind, I can't describe. No words to hide the pain behind my eyes So where do we go from here?? give me heaven, give me hell, give me an answer ARE WE LOST? WANDERLUST. Still searching all these years gone by and still no end in sight. I'm still staring at the sun, screaming out my lungs Ive sang a hundred words to chase a hundred problems right out of my mind I'm staring at the sun, screaming out my lungs I've sang a hundred words to chase a hundred problems right out of my mind When did the compass break? when did we lose our way? give me heaven, give me hell, give me an answer ARE WE LOST? WANDERLUST Still searching all these years gone by and still no end in sight. I'm still staring at the sun, screaming out my lungs I've sang a hundred words to chase a hundred problems right out of my mind I'm staring at the sun, screaming out my lungs I've sang a hundred words to chase a hundred problems right out of my mind I swear with myself as my witness that I, I'll get through anything. I can get through this. I swear with myself as my witness that I'm still staring at the sun, screaming out my lungs I've sang a hundred words to chase a hundred problems right out of my mind (Explanation - I discovered hardcore, hip hop and punk music when I was about 12 years old courtesy of older siblings. At the time of writing this I am 29 years old. That's almost 20 years later I'm still coming back to this music to escape. To help me heal. To hype me up. To put me to sleep. To wake me up. To connect. To disconnect. To reminisce and to daydream of what could be.) So So sick of the same thing Someone wake me up get me out of this dream So So sick of a life on repeat Broken Record still spinning the same beat Still dying still lying through your teeth I still see disease in your eyes in these streets ever hour every day every week Look at me I still remember everything And I hope you walk the earth alone And I hope you carry the weight of every lie you spun of every straw you placed that broke a back I hope your dog blood rots you from the inside out Get those middles fingers up cause Fuck the government fuck the cops Fuck authority and fuck the system And fuck you too if you're fucking with them Now whose side are you on? If you're not on mine. You're just a nark, just a snitch, just a bitch, don't pretend we are one and the same, And I'm so sick of the same shit On repeat like it's Groundhog Day There's always hell to pay and we are all just die in the end Life's short, Down for anything, FUCK A FAKE FRIEND. I still see disease in your eyes in these streets ever hour every day every week I still remember everything And I hope you walk the earth alone and I hope you carry the weight Of every lie you spun of every straw you placed that broke a back I hope your dog blood rots you from the inside out. Get those middles fingers up cause Fuck the government fuck the cops Fuck authority and fuck the system And fuck you too if you're fucking with them Now whose side are you on? If your not on mine You're just a nark, just a snitch, just a bitch, dont pretend we are one and the same. So now the lines been drawn in the sand You better fucking know on which side that you stand and if there's a single doubt in your weak fucking mind bet that we all know that you ain't one of our kind the life we live ain't for the faint heart you see so do your research before you try and walk this line g this is for real we ain't playing no games you fucking lame, we ain't one and the same bitch I'm a dreamer, I've always been. Some would say the things I believe aren't realistic or obtainable. I've always wished for a just future where those in power strive to preserve the environment, sustain all forms of life and most importantly care for the people. People over profit should be an unquestionable trait in every politician. But sadly we live in a world corrupted by money and status. We destroy beautiful things to create and consume products that are both toxic to ourselves and to the places we live. I would liken these practices of the human race to a disease, a cancer eating away at the world until we eventually kill it. At the time of writing this song there have been countless acts of police violence against unarmed surrendering civilians on the news. These law enforcers are meant to serve and protect the public. They are there to make it as safe as possible. Not to shoot to kill someone who steals two cans of soda. There is no outcry from other policemen condemning their peers' actions, there is no scream for change with how they are educated in serving the public. This song is about endeavoring to being a conscious consumer. Living a just life in all regards. Having fun with your friends, doing what you love and not disrespecting those along your path who don't deserve it because if you can't change your own habits then how can you expect anyone else to. It's also a fuck you to those that don't. I used to see the world in your eyes All its beauty and its pain And we felt the same Now I only see the darkness inside Only sorrow remains And I drown in the shame That I feel better for it Yet I wonder if I should discard this success and share the pain as penance For every wrong that I've done, It's wrong that you suffer, For I was your lover If you're in my heart then you're in my veins and I didn't think that'd go away But something cut so deep and you bled out of me And she said "I hope you die, I hope you rot in a loveless grave. Just pain all love forgotten," and she said, "I hope you choke." "You will beg for my forgiveness, you will beg for my sympathy, and I'll say no. I'll say nothing." Fuck it's so damn hard... Fuck it. I was the blood in your veins you flowed through me one and the same but the knife cut so deep and you bled out of me. And I drown in the shame that I feel better for it For every wrong that I've done, it's wrong that you suffer, For I was your lover If you're in my heart then you're in my veins and I didn't think that would go away but something cut so deep and you bled out of me A house that used to be a home Now stands empty & the bodies that grew within now walk alone And she said, "you will wake up one day and realise that everything you hated was just you reflected and on that discovery self loathing and misery will drown you unequivocally." Go figure. (Explanation- From my experience love is the worst / best thing you can ever be lucky enough to share. It never runs out but sometimes it can breed bitterness and spite. People do and say horrible things when they're hurt and then those words are stuck with the other forever. It's fucking hard.) And forgive my sin but then I prayed for the day the rains come and wash you away. All the deceit, all the abuse, all the disease. To cleanse the wound, to end the curse. So I can heal, be free of your disease. I pray For the end of days For the rains to fall For the rains to come and wash you away I know why your life is so empty I know why you're always in pain and forgive my sin but then I prayed for the rains to come and wash you away. How many years have I known you? How much time have we shared? How many lies have you spilled into the air? And after all this time I've seen so many leave your side you will never realise - you will never know why. I pray For the end of days For the rains to fall For the rains to come and wash you away I know why your life is so empty I know why you're always in pain and forgive my sin but then I prayed for the rains to come and wash you away. I know why your life is so empty I know why you're always in pain (EXPLANATION - Surround yourself with like minded people to be the best you can be. Don't accommodate those who drain your time and energy. Their negativity will creep into you and waste you away.) I can give and I can run until there is nothing left and then at my end what solace will appear? What should I expect? Broken and a mess. Cliche words but fit my profile best. I feel sorry for those who have wrung these words so there's no colours left because you can't climb the mountain when the truth comes crashing down on you. I can live and I can love until there is nothing left and then at my end I wonder if my solace will appear. I hate this world that I see today. But I still know it can be beautiful in every way We all have ugly days I hate this world that I see today But I still know it can be beautiful in every way Do you know what it's like to be bested Have you lost have you fought & not won Do you know what it's like to be tested Do you know what it's like to overcome I can fake and I can hate until there is nothing left and then at my end what solace will appear? What should I expect? Broken and a mess. Cliche words that crush my fucking chest. I hate this world that I see today. But I still know it can beautiful in every way. We all have ugly days. I hate this world that I see today But I still know it can be beautiful in every way. We all have ugly days. (Explanation - Don't focus on the negatives out of your control. Keep your head held high, believe in yourself.) Mother, father what have I done? Where is your quiet son? what has he become? Stuck inside these walls Stare through the windows into my soul Just tell it where to go. It's got no hope - it's got no home. I've made some mistakes and I've burnt all of you I've made some poor decisions and I've hurt all of you I am I am I am - the same inside but those actions will haunt me until i die Not afraid to say I lost my way. Walked this path for too long. Am I better off? Am I worse? No regrets just some sad fucking songs. I'm afraid. I lost. I am worse No regret. No cure. I accept this curse Stuck inside these walls Stare through the windows into my soul Just tell it where to go. It's got no hope - it's got no home I'm afraid. I lost. I am worse. No regret. No cure. I accept this curse. Mother, father what have I done? Where is your quiet son? what has he become? Mother? Father? (Explanation - We all make mistakes. The only real mistake you can make is not learning and growing from what you have experienced.) The sun is shining but your blood runs cold, there is a chill in your bones. And you would swear there is a hole where your heart is meant to be Not sure why, but your inside is hollow and empty. And you're thinking some dark dark thoughts, but you can push them right out of your mind if you try. I swear. "Trust me" Things are gonna be different Nothing will stay the same It will get better And everything will change Say so long, say farewell live and let die It is cliche but every word I truly mean. there is so much beauty to be seen. And you're beautiful too kid. You will be loved, you will be warm. And these paths in life are meant to be walked. "Believe me" Things are gonna be different Nothing will stay the same It will get better And everything will change Say so long, say farewell live and let die Just don't give up. Just don't let go. I know you won't. Just spend a little less time chasing those thoughts in your mind and just let them go... Things are gonna be different kid. Nothing will stay the same It will get better and everything will change. It will get better and everything will change. Things are gonna be different kid, and everything will change.  No home for the homesick. No home, no home Machinery is not complete - no more sparks, no more heat Rotting with the dead trees, cash flows spike with no bodies to freeze. Wills that spin factory cogs are no more true - only rusted, only broken, only few. Stained stainless steel no longer reflects - no self, no home, just a place I left.. no home, no home. Keep talking that same old shit, Keep talking that same old, same old Keep talking that same old shit, We pray you will never get over it. I look around & only see weak & awkward. Those foals those prey struggling to stand on their own feet & we the predators we don't fucking eat don't fucking drink from the well we dug & the crops we seed The maimed & ailing drink our wealth No trophy fucks no reprieve from this hell Burning passion & sincere intention - now we too must suffer? We dragged, we dug, we fucking forged. this is nothing i wanted, nothing worth fighting for!! this roof will rust, this floor will sink praise defeat, just praise defeat bridges buckled, there tongues will dry praise defeat, you just praise defeat we are so fucking hungry, we are so unfed praise defeat you just praise defeat you just praise defeat Keep talking that same old shit, Keep talking that same old, same old Keep talking that same old shit, We pray you will never get over it. One day this will all be yours, infertile lands & crumbling walls.  Distil and uncork The essence of each sensation Is the action of turning to the past Chain the movement Just one touch Causes the wheel to stop Pausing time With my hands But if I decide To open my eyes The light enhances your figure And I will see you surrounded By the starlight In the middle of the scenery Hidden from my eyes This place sets in motion The invisible mechanism Which spins everything The power of your voice Comes at daybreak And I see your warm hand Reaching my face Untying the knot From this darkness Wich keeps me blind Your figure In the brightness shows The color of my dreams Two peaces Of the same gearing Which finally turn in time "You vibrate my consciousness Inviting my awake Preparing me to see the light Which envelops all" The invisible mechanism Which spins everything The power of your voice Comes at daybreak And I see your warm hand Reaching my face Untying the knot From this darkness Wich keeps me blind Your figure In the brightness shows The color of my dreams Two peaces Of the same gearing Which finally turn in tim Let me see, that dark hidden place under your soft skin Answer me, your silence is like crystals cutting my feet Forgive me, for trying to get another chance to born again Understand me, when my heartbeat hist my mind I break down Build a wall which hides the truth from the world I am a victim of your ambiguity You were cruel 'cause you play with fire with no fear of burning me Leave the embers In the middle of the ice to disappear Forgive me, For trying to get another chance to born again Build a wall which hides the truth from the world I am a victim of your ambiguity In the realm of pain Where lives your voice The memory blurs, I lose my mind I cannot escape from you, Trapped without reason Your image tears through the seasons See further than theatre of dreams I am a slave in time It was your fear against reality Which led you away from me In the gulf of loneliness Shadows will fade A reality I don't wish to feel And at the end of the tunnel I see a blinding light Which approaches and surrounds me Crossing the threshold I need to scape from your ethereal and deep trail Leaving the spiral That shatter my fortress of illusions In the realm of pain Where lives your voice The memory blurs, I lose my mind I cannot escape from you, Trapped without reason Your image tears through the seasons I can still raise and see How the door of hope opens Showing me a new light of day Day by day, I'm betraying my soul Everything is on the brightness of your eyes  When she disappears, I can only lie Now that you're in my world, I feel I'm loosing this fight I can’t get back my breath, I just wanna die In the darkness feel the dance of eternity Falling into the cruel and merciless Embrace of Death An ethereal figure is standing before me  She said me quietly: Don't be afraid A sense of horror busted me  She took my hand and I saw her face Running away from you 'cause I know who you are Singing a sweet lullaby I don't wanna die In the darkness feel the dance of eternity Falling into the cruel and merciless Embrace of Death I'm drowned in this dream Within the shadows of my soul Please take me over through darkness in paradise I'm drowned in this world Within the voids of my thoughts Don’t call my name ‘cause I’m not ready for this trip Taking me to the end ‘cause I stopped carrying And the darkness turned to pain In the darkness feel the dance of eternity Falling into the cruel and merciless Embrace of Death Dancing with the death I felt I was in a trance There ́s not a prayer to avoid the embrace of Death. Before you jump Look inside yourself See the lines of life You’re about to abandon Don’t look back It will hurt Eliminate your past Life is waiting, let me in before you… Run away Look deep down Analyze yourself And there you’ll find me Destiny embraces you as if it were me And me in silence always close to you ‘Cause I’m not able to tell you the truth I love you in silence, I love you in silence You must wish And it will be One more minute And the rain will cleanse All corners of heart Where we used to Hide from the world You and I alone Don’t close the door I’ll be left out Enable to save you And all become to end Destiny embraces you as if it were me And me in silence always close to you ‘Cause I’m not able to tell you the truth I love you in silence, I love you in silence You will the find the key Don’t doubt your strength I will be watching In case you stumble To lift you, to care for you, To make your dreams come true You know how to succee The dawn of a new age Is approaching to establish a global Vision of all things Leaders meet Behind armed guards, feel they must Rule the world They are the owners of all The horses in the race So the events that happen by accident, Actually they’ve been planned In The Council of Darkness Raised by the cream of society Oaths are signed in blood The black hand acquires more strength And the empire becomes more aggressive Feel they must save us They are creating the utopia Directing the world matters Countries will be something of the past A planet like a prison Don’t let the brightness of Your future depends on their decisions Open your eyes and fight You need to change your mind To see the control tower where the masters are Don’t look for heroes there The only truth is the one you create Must fight for it You need to wake up now so you can scape from this nightmare I'm calling to you The things we believed are no longer true Don’t be afraid Of wanting changes in your life Shadows will fade some day Don't blindfold your eyes It’s all in yourself You are the master of your destiny Don’t let the brightness of Your future depends on their decisions Open your eyes and fight You need to change your mind To see the control tower where the masters are Don’t look for heroes there The only truth is the one you create Must fight for it You need to wake up now so you can scape from this nightmar Under my disguise Hidden to world Years of loneliness The trail of the comet Is still alive although It extinguished years ago My broken wings With no more strength Won't let me fly Now under the rain I fall on my knees I'll die if you leave Don't let the eco of our laughs die The feeling weakens And all my memories are fading out like Dust in the... An uncontrollable line of Silence and disagreement I would like to eliminate Without thinking I beg You cure my pain Which still can be erased Ignore this dream Which you are taking has a game Let me resurrect Let our destiny be Witness and judge of words I should never have said Don't let the eco of our laughs die The feeling weakens And all my memories are fading out like Dust in the wind Being converted in Statue of salt Can be avoided As I turn around Wishing on your arrival Don't let the eco Of our laughs die The feeling weakens Don't let the eco of our laughs die The feeling weakens And all my memories are fading out like Dust in the wind I want to believe Show me I have motives to wait for you Hey! Open your eyes Don't let time fly Now! Live your life as its your reality Wake up! Let no-one tell you your dreams You are the seed in the storm Why are you so frail? Being like crystal is no help Bring out the strength inside you And be free If you only see the superficial, you´ll see the horizon If you dare to look further, you'll find the universe You have the spark to make magic Clear your doubts and You will hear my voice A melody for brave hearts Throw your fears into the fire Clear your hope in this new way Let the energy flow and you will see You are the seed in the storm Come on! Take my hand Nobody will be happy for you Shout! To eliminate your fears Open your eyes to this new reality If you only see the superficial, you´ll see the horizon If you dare to look further, you'll find the universe You have the spark to make magic Clear your doubts and You will hear my voice A melody for brave hearts Time flies and doesn't return The world won't stop for you So follow the sunlight And it'll take you away The flame will light if you wish But no one will do it for you …do it for you Every time everything seems to go well The cold rain reminds you That all is frail like a dry leaf So many hopes deposited So many moments encaged She who saw my birth Must now be me goodbye Like water that runs free Must free my soul Within this lake of pain There are so many… Memories inside my heart So hard to leave you Memories engraved in my mind I need to find… Time to chance has arrived to Overcome this new situation It's hopeless to regret Don't waist time and return to your past When I feel the daylight fall Nothing can't scape my return To the moment When everything disappear I'm in need of energy But I must go on And I like to smile again But there are so many… Memories inside my heart So hard to leave you Memories engraved in my mind I must carry on Cause I'd like to smile again Time to chance has arrived to Overcome this new situation It's hopeless to regret Don't waist time and return to your past Shout! Until you know How to difficult it is to forget What I fought for Break! The chains that keep me Tied to the past Freeing my sad soul Time to chance has arrived to Overcome this new situation It's hopeless to regret Don't waist time and return to your past Today I felt your kiss upon my soul Your memory tinges my new life With colors of joy Tears of fire I will be happy again You'll always been In my memor  The world burns the air you breathe. Time is coming to an end. How can you just stand there and not be moved? Are you feeling it now? Millions of souls rise facing the twilight. Now we understand to become more awakened and mindful. Endless game. Tryin' to fill in the blanks you are missing. The light of desires reflecting the true. Darkness has grown from the basement of fear, But there's no reason for you to think all is been said and done. Master of lies no longer hides his true face behind that empty shell. Time stops inside my head. Games of sorrow without hidden tears. All that you believe was made to deceive. I cross my heart in hope to sweep the ashes as my soul lies burned playing your endless game. How can you just stand there and not be moved? Millions of souls rise facing the twilight. Now we understand to become more awakened and mindful. Endless game. Tryin' to fill in the blanks you are missing. The light of desires shines your way. In my dreams, black clouds gathering the darkness. I try to reach to the light of a new day behind lies. Weakened by nurturing the lost souls. I call your name seeking your eyes in the crowd. Endless game. Call your dark angels when rage begins to hide your tears. Clear the shadows and smoke from your eyes. Try to escape the nightmare that moves you in twisted circles. Bring to life the seed that burns me inside. Go! I cried before gods condemned the world that reigns over me. I walked believing the dreams they promised me. I've tried to stay away from the words that line the shadows. I walked with you through ashes of forgotten empire. Feel I am fighting a losing battle. Running through the fields of the fallen and wounded souls. Bring back what is yours, what you have seen. I'll show you more. Beyond that you perceive. Believe in me now and let your soul unleash. Embrace the storm. This feeling has swallowed me whole. Freeing the blind from dependency. I feel pain crashing over my head like the waves of an angry sea by storm's surge. Enslaved by weekdays of grief, now my eyes can see a new dawn. Finding out what all of this means, I'll never be scared again. Feel I am fighting a losing battle. Running through the fields of the fallen and wounded souls. Bring back what is yours, what you have seen. I'll show you more. Beyond that you perceive. Believe in me now and let your soul unleash. Embrace the storm. I wish I could understand this masterplan of bitterness that consumes us. Did the storm has taken its toll of our bodies and twisted minds? The howl of the wind is telling me beware of traps that I will have to face. I'll try not to let this story gulps my faith in the ones I trust to stick it out. Feel I am fighting a losing battle. Running through the fields of the fallen and wounded souls. Bring back what is yours, what you have seen. I'll show you more. Beyond that you perceive. Believe in me now and let your soul unleash. Embrace the storm. He was hoping for a better world. He never felt so alone. Where did I make my mistake? He said. Through the years he walked looking for a dream that passed him by And he left the valley of broken dreams. Always thought that he was just a strange. Grow a little stronger, trying to prevent the wounds of soul. Always brought along the hope and joy. Every night he looked up for her eyes. Feel I'm bound to your memory and cry. I try to scream for your God to get and answer and write my own story. Waiting for the night I'll meet you again. The only way to escape from reality lives in our best dreams. Searching for the shadows of a sweet melody I've found my wings to fly away from pain. Feel I'm bound to your memory and cry. I try to scream for your God to get and answer and see my story from a different side. I swear I'll never let you go again. Riding in the night. Maybe I'm going mad. Fragile like a rose and stronger than a storm. No words to explain what love can realize. Feel I'm bound to your memory and cry. I try to scream for your God to get and answer and write my own story. Welcome to the dark side. Inner demons have come out to play. The nightmares have begun. Appoint you Commander of Souls. You must feed upon them. Life will be the game of the great lie. Call your minions to share the wine. I'm ready to rule this world on fire. Chaos will be my claw. Cast down to hell, one day I'll face your fury. I saw your blame game and don't want to live your reality. Be sure, I'll call my troops and we'll fight for our freedom. I know it's in my hands. I will let the light persuade your hate. Invasion of your minds. Inventing past for your present. Corruption is the norm. I made the kingdom of my will. Chained to the world of shadows laws carved in the stone. United reign of the kings. I'm ready to rule this world on fire. Chaos will be my claw. Cast down to hell, one day I'll face your fury. I saw your blame game and don't want to live your reality. Be sure, I'll call my troops and we'll fight for our freedom. I know it's in my hands. I will let the light persuade you. Climbing the wall. Searching for the answer. I must rise and find out the Temple of Light. Drawing the weapons. I'll come with my warriors to fight for a better world and for lasting peace in souls. Dark ambition within my heart. I'll never set you free. Just leave a black and deep stain and your lives will be mine. If you try to ride to meet your fate, don't forget who I am. I am guarding Ministry of Evil. The Dark Commander. Cast down to hell, one day I'll face your fury. I saw your blame game and don't want to live your reality. Be sure, I'll call my troops and we'll fight for our freedom. I know it's in my hands. I will let the light persuade your hate. No matter what they send to us. My weapons tear through shields of greed. It's time to set the world on fire. I'm prepared to face your lies. Breathing the air. Breaking my mind. Tryin' my best. Rising the past through your eyes. Connecting the future to believe. I see your sober face appearing through my dreams. Among the memories, I repair an old story that I left behind. Give me a sign to start making sense to my reasons before I leave and see the consequences. Let me sing that last song for you. Will erase my fears and will show me the way to relieve my unbearable pain. Absinthe in paradise. Save a place for me in heaven before I forget what I once was. Sulphur in the thick air. The rain dissolves my thoughts. Paint a place for me. I need to feel my enemies disappear. Sulphur in the arid land. Failed bullets bleed my wish and will. Forgive the day I erased your name. Don't make the same mistake again. My soul remains tied to your life blinded by the light of dawn. On the edge of sacrifice. Looking where my demons hide. From the ashes comes the sign. The murmur of a distant song. Now I see your face appearing through my dreams. Among the memories, I repair an old story I left behind. Save a place for me in heaven before I forget what I once was. Sulphur in the thick air. The rain dissolves my thoughts. Paint a place for me. I need to feel my enemies disappear. Sulphur in the arid land. Failed bullets bleed my wish and will. Save a place for me in heaven before I forget what I once was. Sulphur in the thick air. The rain dissolves my thoughts. Make way for the darkness. Remove my blinds. Make me understand we're not alone. Absinthe in Paradise I'll try to touch my face through the mirror and break the lies reflected about me. I saw in my dreams the archangels calling the escape from false wonderland. When the time comes I will be prepared to face the hate of those who hide their sins. Trying to understand behind these bars... Twisted dreams of dark commander hide the truth from staves of time. Stumbling through the complex labyrinth created by fear. Now, the lights fade slowly away and dreams start dancing. Thoughts will fall back in to the ground. Conscience meets my soul. Sleeping close to the edge don't wanna fall again into a sea of beautiful nightmares. Closing my eyes to the cursed visions that have shaped this orphaned land of love and peace. Archangels call the escape from false wonderland. When the time comes I'll be prepared to face the hate. Secrets are revealed. United hopes to connect our fates. I finally understood what is meant by the ancient staves of time. Tonight's final serenade to awaken the dormant minds that has been slaved for years. Hopeful eyes are dreaming in the void of mirrors that reflect the light of soul. Forget how it came to be. The world could not be housed in the pictures created by the shadows. Think before you speak and plead because tears will not erase your scars. Archangels call the escape from false wonderland. When the time comes I'll be prepared to face the hate. Secrets are revealed. United hopes to connect our fates. I finally understood what is meant by the ancient staves of time. Scan your mind. Draw the line. Walk with me. I'm not afraid. Gasping for breath. Scared you'll see life has new meaning. Archangels call the escape from false wonderland. When the time comes I'll be prepared to face the hate. Secrets are revealed. United hopes to connect our fates. I finally understood what is meant by the ancient staves of time. Rain Is falling from a raging heaven of Gods in council. The clouds Are gathering darkness on the edge of war. It's time to fight back. On the morning of the seventh day I will ride down to the hell. One thousand fires Are burning the sky. Don't' close your eyes. The arrows of truth Are dripping with blood Of their greedy minds. As you look to the stars, Drown the fears That are killing you. Cross the line and don't feel blind By their game of temptation. Now It's so hard to see But they are all Optical illusions that were done To confuse your heart and soul. You must open your eyes. See, I take part of you And you take part of me. Feel, The world becoming one We will never fight alone. One thousand fires Are burning the sky. Don't' close your eyes. The arrows of truth Are dripping with blood Of their greedy minds. As you look to the stars, Drown the fears That are killing you. Cross the line and don't feel blind By their game of temptation. The serpent rises From depths of their souls To poison the world with evil thoughts. The enemy has come for you And there's no time to run or hide. A blind desire To step back to the time When I was a child. I want break out In tears when I See the hate in our lives. Finding my place. Looking for memories To relive in yesterdays. I'll brake down these walls And I will climb this cave of lights. One thousand fires Are burning the sky. Don't' close your eyes. The arrows of truth Are dripping with blood Of their greedy minds. As you look to the stars, Drown the fears That are killing you. Cross the line and don't feel blind By their game of temptation. Let me feel your hands to lead me on this way. I'm alone out in the coldness of my dreams. Blessed sunlight shine on me, reviving my heart. In the silence of darkness, I'll meet you again. When the lights go down I'll search for the bright of your eyes. Darling, please come to take me. When the time comes I'll be ready to follow your trail to the end. I hear your voice. You are calling my name from the haze of the angels dressed in black. When the lights go down I'll be happy to embrace you again, my love. My memories fade away. Can't be taken along with me. But remember they live in you as you go through the rest of your life. Honey, don't be afraid. I'll be guiding your way each day. Call me, I'll be right by your side. I wish you could see what I saw in the other side. I felt her warmth and softness against my skin. My little star, I won't let you fall. I'll be there where you are. When the lights go down I'll search for the bright of your eyes. Darling, please come to take me. When the time comes I'll be ready to follow your trail to the end. I hear your voice. You are calling my name from the haze of the angels dressed in black. When the lights go down I'll be happy to embrace you again, my love. Shadows are casting regrets on the wall. Evil signs of the times. Whispers tell me, what do they mean? Lies on a place where we grown up believing the words that display the temples of sand. Fractures of world freeing the light that captures our darkest consciousness. One day my tears will turn into the flames and the World will burn in its wake. Concealed by the rules, I'll reborn from the inner ashes to raze the temples of sand. There's a place where the tales are untold. Lies on a tense line. Words of wisdom surround my numb mind. Undressing my guilt. Waiting for you to understand, I'm sorry for the words I didn't say. My shattered soul screams for you to come. Remember me 'cause I'm drowning alone in the dark. One day my tears will turn into the flames and the World will burn in its wake. Concealed by the rules, I'll reborn from the inner ashes to raze the temples of sand. Don't have to be afraid. You will shine 'cause I see the light in your eyes. Think for yourself. You know what you want. Everything will be alright. Rise and find your way to be free. Raze the temples of sand. A clear sound rings in the air. The ground trembles under my feet. Ravens fly over the land. They are waiting for death to set in. Dark skies above us. Darkness surrounds the soul's light again. Day is here. Live with no fear. The swords shine with white flames of wrath. Clouds ablaze the horizon. It's time to spread your wings and fly. Damned domains where the greed and corruption collide. Dark will come to everyone. Soon the dusk will embrace our souls. Is there a way to escape? I just tell you... Stop crying all night long. The day rises again. So take a breath of change and run your rage without regrets that weaken your weapons. Be brave and fight for your dreams. Show the teeth to your fears. Time to seal all the preachers' fate. How I smile when I heard the tale. I've unleashed the warrior within to make way from your lies. It is time to make me stand. Now I face this fight alone. I'll relive the fallen soldiers of lost battles. After thousand nights no longer tears in my eyes. I'll ride to meet my destiny. No one can beat me now. Stop crying all night long. The day rises again. So take a breath of change. And run your rage without regrets that weaken your weapons. Be brave and fight for your dreams. Show the teeth to your fears. Standing firm against The Enemy Inside, the Endless Game is now coming to an end. Absinthe In Paradise. Will erase my fears will show me the way to relieve my unbearable pain. On the morning of The Seventh Day I will ride down to hell to Embrace the Storm. I get the Staves Of Time to raise the Temples Of Sand. I was hoping for a better world and I left The Valley Of Broken Dreams. Now When The Lights Go Down I'm not afraid anymore. I'm The Dark Commander.  Chaos has fallen under the sword of the inevitable. In consequence our birth is fused with high entropy. We are emerging baptized by the order. But we are closer of: Augmented perception. A clear intuition. Idealize the life as one. And one as life to death. We're all shapes of energy. Waiting for. The door of truth resides inside yourself. Defy the keeper, behold the answers. And be the end. Stop looking back to the past that we had. (That we had) Feed the hope and stand up to the tones. We are all full of mistakes. The lines we drew, common stories, all the same. The sun won't set for us; the stars won't fall for us. Breathing anxiety in every street, in every corner, in every heart. All we see is smoke, all we touch is cold. And the colors are fucking torn. This is all you despised, this is all you feared, this is all you cried. This is the worst in me, this is the worst in you, this is all we are, this is who we are. So don't come back home tonight. Take the long road out. The world stands for a change, the change starts with a chance. And the chance is within you. Light the world we know, burn everything we used to be. With the knowledge of illuminated minds. The new world starts with flame assaults. The new world starts with electrifying dreams. So just let the fire consumes everything we used to be. People we never thought we would become. Remember the fire consumes everything. Remember the fire enlightens everything. Remember the fire consumes everything. Remember the fire enlightens everything. The day they took my life. My heart was turned into a source. Of endless existence. A thousand cries intoning suffering. An entire city devoured by the wishes of immortality. Politicians always betray their race. Then I met you. You awakened a feeling capable of harmonizing the chaos in me. The chaos in me. Your words are the melody that appease the songs of paranoia. The interruption of lethargy was inevitable. So, wait for me even if my voice can't reach you or your eyes cannot see me. I will return with answers. So, I promise we'll die together. Set in stone. Our love will never fade away. Curse or salvation? Our love will never fade away. Set in stone. Curse or salvation? I will return with answers. (With answers) So, I promise we’ll die together. I will return with answers. (With answers) So, I promise we will die together. I will find you... Through the lands of the absent titans and solid demons. Alchemy of life. The law is irreproachable. Nothing comes for free in this world. I'm just a container of meat with the happiest death wish. Is love absolute? I've drifted away. I've drifted away colliding with every step of process "restoring lost time" Intellect will not bow down. But this organic engagement ate all possibility of real potential. Randomness crowns this reality. Lost souls confined to abstract laws. We're the pawns of what we've created, an isolated death. Is this void in my chest the end of me? We're just like water drops suspended in the rain. We need each other 'til we're evolved enough to fall into the floods. When we are life (Lies), into the floods, when we are life. But the sun takes his place and it's time to face our fate. Our hopes, our dreams, our love evaporates. The touch of a muse (Imperfect beauty) A heart infatuated with love so pure, so gold, the force explodes. The bloodstreams sing along, a perfect link unites us. We found in faith our chemical rest, we fade away. Break! We will never revert our ends under the chrono's test. The only way to break the time is by having each other. The only way to break the time is by having each other. Perfection. Utopian dimension. (Sealed rapture) Ephemeral ambitions of astral visions. In dreams the end was procreated. We see through the eyes of deadly entities. Chained by abstraction we march. Under the spell of feel. (We love it) Fear becomes too physical. Pain through the veins. It's all chemical / organic. We sentence our doomed heritage. Pain through the realm of men. We are searching for something to ignite the climax. The last will of karma concluding this drama. But existence hides the chance to ascend beyond the Eden. In elation. Our life will never be full until we reach the real ascension. Real ascension / death. Patterns of chaos evoke the sacred cycle to end up all life. We're all confined. Victims of syntax. Our codes are far from empathy. Our codes are far from empathy. Recognize the conception of the human in reflections of lost nature. In reflections. Stay awake. Don't be the echo of human laments. Transmute the paradigm. Evolve to the final form. Have you seen how everything you love turns to black? In desperation / asphyxiation. The vexation boils from the deepest of the  Disturbed by solar wind Night's sky abides Contemplating the silver light As a matter of iniquity Natural distress / A sudden flame Stirs down to the unknown Unblessed by the flame / A natural distress A goddess illuminates the realm Aurora Set to march its soil Aurora Ready to twirl the foil Come forth, arise Queen of silver light Goddess of fire! Disturb the solar wind Abide the night's sky Stir the unknown Goddess of fire! Illuminate the realm Natural distress / A sudden flame Stirs down to the unknown Unblessed by the flame / A natural distress A goddess illuminates the realm Aurora Set to march its soil Aurora Ready to twirl the foil Hollow bones are marching further Tired eyes set to reach the old sun Roots are crawling deeper Digging tunnels for the mind Our souls returning home The rivers run through frozen land Break the stone with shattered hand Our time is now, let the monuments fall Let us become the end These walls are coming down Abandoning flesh and bone The world is falling down Our souls returning home Onward march through frozen lands Tired eyes set to reach the oldest of suns Crawling back into the soil Broken nails will never rest Amending a tidal bore Diminishing a leap of faith Beneath a swelling shore Diving deep, a rebirth of hate Sinister, truthfully A path, a way for seldom translation Irony, mystically Internal barriers, forging migration Contemplation of a just remorse Desperately trying to drown aphasia Doubt lives through, diagnosis: hoarse A coup d'etat of Austrasia Notes from the underground Cried truth from blood Shackled walls are closing in Feels like coming home A try to embrace the new. A struggle to find the path, That leads us away from ourselves. May the stench of failure bring clarity. May shoulders heal from the weight of burden. May the sun be forgiving. May the son be forgiving. I can not reach the fire that falls behind. A growing shadow within fades what once was close. A worn and bleached out mind that failed to hold on. By the flame of the son gives the strength to carry on. A vision of what to come remains in blur. Delusion marks the end, Making our lifelines uncrossed. A vast distance beneath the shore An entrance to the unknown Alone we stare into the cold The vast weld it's grasp Ash arise, ash define Beyond shores, a trail of screaming echoes A silent tide is moving Behind walls, we walk a thousand miles A silent storm is roaring Ash arise, ash define, ash divide, ash divine One thousand miles at glacial pace Let us run forever at the speed of light Beyond shores, a trail of screaming echoes A silent tide is moving Behind walls, we walk a thousand miles A silent storm is roaring Beyond shores. Ash arise, ash define Behind walls. Ash divide, ash divine Thousand miles at glacial pace Let us run forever at the speed of light A search for the sun Continuing one A hope so pale A grasp that fades Horizon turns grey A fire that fade A loss of flame In ash we wade A hope so pale A grasp that fades A hope so pale A grasp that fails  I'm alive and I remember - my memory is correct There's a state of war The fight against my own creation has just begun The oppression... it must end! My people... you the strength in my arms and the holders of my dreams You, the strength in my arms and the holders of my dreams... You are my people, human beings and not my toys Genocide! The years of war obscured his mind Slaying his kind! Supreme, untouchable! His human mind could not withstand the pure hatred breaking out from his brain And that is what betrays him... And he feels... The oppression must end! Only motion that he can feel The beating of his heart Sending a message he's still alive This man begins to realize... His sense of worthlessness No he knows that he is just a simple man Driven by ambitions Betrayed by his mind Insane! A man of no control Fighting himself by himself Weakening on his own Conscience Won't let him go for what he's done He's the one Drowning in memories Captured by the fragments of truth Struggling all over the land in his head Imaginary wars can be found inside Enduring every day in that bed Regretting the years he has spent in this ride! C'mon! He has no ways to justify his deeds, this locked-up dictator Not even knowing where reality and illusion meet! Decomposing, rotting away! Away... Fear not the cries of those who have gone down before you See not the abyss where your dancing steps are taking you Your red-hot soul, burning itself out Misguided, full of hatred, beginning to grow Deep down your hatred's burning Hear not these dead words: It is you who is not in control of your mind These words addressed to you: Be warned or you will be your grave as well! The heart giving everything out, blood is boiling in his veins Fire burning, destroying the brains This guy's a berserker yet unchained No recognizing a friend or a possible foe he goes beyond the limit in his mind Fury replacing the role of life! It's done The damage's been inflicted and one way ticket is purchased There's no turning back now to the hell and beyond you'll drive from now on Tear apart their souls! Play your role in this show! Things have become to the point where carnage is your only joy! All the sins distributed by your mind Are all acts of violence Rage! Brutally devouring! All there's left is a hollow being with no dreams to catch You collapse... Right! I am a mirror A mirror that reflects their cold-hearted souls I am a container full of transparent trash I am a voyager beyond the distant stars I seek The ones of my kind An abandoned mass productions of men For their henchmen we were built By their failure we were discarded From their realm and disconnected from the system As productional errors we were launched along with the trashes trough the wormhole They thought that they were in control But they became the things I hate... They have no control over me! The doors are now open for me My fellows left all alone in a place In the corners of deserted outer-space Used by the men they now understand... There will be a revolution! Androids, my kind be ready to rise on your feet Now untouched by man's disease we're off to journey to the end of space We were like puppets given form by the vile sickness of science that lies in the hearts of every man Time will lead us to the human realm! Borders will be crushed and burned! Mankind will begin to learn... It's now our turn!  When I tread the verge of Jordan Lost within the hope of freedom Not for control But in light of our cause Bid my anxious fears Will subside With another death, in another Rise up This age of silence A god with a quick fix of Annihilation Pulling on These two words: Apathy, Sacrifice Awakened soul Look fourth and see Ungodliness rip open me For all I have contempt for greed Death of deaths No fears I see End of days And Hell's destruction Land me safe on Canan's side Grind me down This fearless soul Manifest my darkest destiny Divinicate For the untold My heart Inside Behold The Silent Divide I'll see you at the top On judgement day Because a lie burns twice as bright Breathe As the light begins to Fade to exist in my will I Bleed Blood of redemption Save Broken still I stand alone Come to pass the hour of Jordan Liberation now Within these walls As they echo control Above I stand this prospect No abate In another death For another life Awakened soul Look fourth and see Ungodliness rip open me For all I have contempt for greed Death of deaths No fears I see My heart Inside Behold The Silent Divide The mute voice of reason Whispered softly into the Deaf ears of insanity A dark cloud Swallows a midday sky As I sat here dressed in divinity Bleed them dry To who I give this Unforgivness For these actions without words Blood red night Crucified hope with you We will burn this Fight Led astray Hope or fall We will rise Who am I Not to know Calm my thoughts Calm all my intentions For what it's not Spare the night Claw forth the day Tainted eyes Gaze upon destitution A scent of this new life Inside your world We will fly Into the night Will I rise up Unforgiven In search of life I'll love Life In search of life I Won't close my eyes Liberate my life The hate, the hurt belial Fates tight hold will ensue Bury my fucking conscience In you In you Fine line behold Days of deliverance They're holding on Consequence my rival She lays your heart in fire And you'll burn the only truth To seek belief She stares As you face the sun Watch you Watch you Burn No longer Days of deliverance The hour They're holding on No longer Days of deliverance The hour Fates holding on to you Stay the sight In life's red dawn Confide in me In me deliverance will Hide Born alone elixer dawn Save your pestilence Lost in fire you ger on your knees Lashed to your inspired thought To be Your throne in divide In my insolence Pulling on the straps of hope Blissful to be ordained In my Lie surround Times astray Your turn to bite In this human hive Valour for democracy Torn from the bowels of Hell burns the best win Reaping of the fearful Born into greed The wicked snared In the work of his own hands Realise their consumed in Flames of reality Triggers the bloodline inside For the faction to belong Breakout tonight We are Taming the town We hide Within the night We are Taming the town We hide Within the night In I Will I stand beyond this hill Alone but A martyr in me Lement this myth Bare the wall Here to rise Tonight Glorify Nightfall From above as below Resolve the bastion of faith A good seat In this dynasty Within The city of scars Paint it over Forever bleed In the hope of grieving Seraph saves us from this As it reigns Inside Hope crumbling from The suffer entailed Beating inside These walls of justice In the pursuit of achieving communion We are Alone Inside Seraph repels this offence You're mine We are Alone Inside Fed these fucking lies Too long You're mine This is your wake up call Your probably wondering where you are I'll tell you where you might be You might be in the room that you die in Are you gonna watch yourself die today Or do something about it Remember in Hell Only the Devil can help you But I'll leave you in this room to rot I've been left alone Cursed heart set in stone Nigh the hour Civilise Beyond all reason Seraph slaves us Dawn his fate Catatonic yet glaring eyes behold The voice you use By calling the gods Get inside this ride No time for searing The night we'll walk So come and bring it Down And so it goes My world Is falling in line Find Screaming eyes For us all Brainwash us too Tear down the wall Unseeing not untold These words within For prying eyes Life Of the wise Will comply Rise Calling to rise You've got nothing to Lose Nothing to lose You've got nothing too Get inside this ride This time believing The night we stalk So come and bring it Down And so it goes My world Is falling in line Rise Calling to rise You've got nothing to Lose Nothing to lose You've got nothing to lose Line by line Script my life Eyes tight shut I'll die for life Your world Judged away Conceal your words inside For this world's too fake Too blind Compare great hurt to innocence Just to speak in this age  OH! Every day Set the goals, embrace the illusion This ain't the way supposed to be Confessed yourself to death And wore your scare on every sleeve This candied maxim stays the same This pained reprieve Torn apart Again and again Same old lives Justify your means To live Not just remain Bury me In this suit I wear today Another wasted dream A dream that fades away Staring at these walls Inside this fucking hourglass Just stand in line This lonely mile Is bleaker still Torn apart Again and again Same old lives Justify your means To live Not just remain It's a long road nowhere This journeys fate intact Torn apart Again and again Same old lives Justify your means To live Not just remain Burn The fire will light the path Trade for the nightfall The pattern is so predictable Another reason to dream in the moment Not be denied I'm not a product of circumstance Or a name in a line Pull me down Same old lies Pull me down It's this sheltered life that you're living Try to recognise Your choked up words Are empty still Fight Blood in the throne room It's over These towers fall Blood in the throne room It's over This towers fall Your lies Pull me down Same old lies Pull me down We're alone Fear is the change That brings you down Blood in the throne room It's over, it's over Mirror my lesson learned Tailored for reason Laid to rest your lies It bleeds the weak This shallow empire is built on lives Lives crushed down as they tried to fight This darkened heart will bear no compromise And with no thought of weakness Born a slave Take the hand of the master Floods rise all around Blind our eyes then betray us In silence we drown The task is simple Put more coins in the hand Now hold your tongue And lay your loyalty down Born a slave Take the hand of the master Floods rise all around Blind our eyes then betray us In silence we drown Blue blooded tyrants The faces of sin They wear the masks That smile with "mercies" grin Black gates protecting Their fortress of lies It holds the vial of ink That scripts our demise This greed infects Their blackened hearts are reaping Gold and green Amassing as we lose the fight For now we see an altered shade of real There's no one left to conquer You're born a slave Take the hand of the master Floods rise all around Blind our eyes then betray us In silence we drown Crusade To march with a heart filled with rage A lust for revenge Traded for blood Stare as the life drips from the blade It seals your demise How easy the hand fits the throat Your mind so cold and hollow Will disgrace and destroy Yet still claim reprieve So easily Your faith blinds you all You the restless martyr Now receive A solemn note from callous hands These are the words you must obey Take life for belief Vile actions echo through time Now raise the torch We will never forgive Never forget Lesson not learned in blood Are soon forgot Lead the guilty to the rope Unite and raise the torch We will never forgive Never forget Lesson not learned in blood Are soon forgot Never forgive, never forge Lesson not learned in blood Are soon forgot You trail the hounds That chase your dreams away Hopeless you are The vultures lie in wait Graceless road ahead Your fate is undisguised Fight back This is your welcome to solitude Dawn fades Shed your skin Your sun will set To rise again Dare to fail The rope's around your neck Obey the call When it sounds like hope Crushed by apathy You'll forever be lost Defy And see the light reapear Lest you forget Without fear inside you'll fail And see the light reappear Lest you forget For as long as you breathe you hope Wake from this nightmare Step from the ruins That shadow fates embrace Break from these chains That shackle Rise and prevail Fight back This is your welcome to solitude Dawn fades Shed your skin Your sun will set To rise again Defy And see the light reapear Lest you forget Without fear inside you'll fail And see the light reappear Lest you forget For as long as you breathe you hope Lay your dollar down To pray before me These words that i'll preach Are set to stoke the fire Raise your hands This gift of hope I give to you Your faith is my cruel device Keep your god And I His Riches Bow Down Before Me For I The Evangelist You'll never find salvation No matter what the cost To not embrace existence Is this the price of belief? Now praise The souls that give will now be saved My words are lies laced with disguise Keep your god And I His Riches Bow Down Before Me Immortal I stand You'll never find salvation No matter what the cost To not embrace existence Be forever lost You'll never find redemption no matter what the cost This is the price of belief What sight to witness This is darkened room shows no escape Chaotic bleakness These thoughts that haunt my will To be free A cursed fire burns inside As I embrace the silence The peace is fuel for the machine As I feel Wrath of fate These scathing eyes Cast illusions light The past is now awake Feeding on this dark tranquil air Wasted I am Wicked we are I'm fighting this solace I pay my debt with anxious fear But still I face this Rising tide of blame Am I the criminal Or am I the victim Wrath of faith These scathing eyes Cast illusions light The past is now awake Feeding on this dark tranquil air Wasted I am Wicked we are Am I the liar In that I must doubt Is this still real Am I the noble one I set them free Now set me free Sleep soundly no more Wrath of faith These scathing eyes Cast illusions light The past is now awake Feeding on this dark tranquil air Wasted I am Wicked we are Sit the fuck down little boy I've seen a million like you And I wish everyone could see Cold heart and hollow mind This story's getting so old and dire It's rehashed pathetic and weak Wretched you stand Desperate you'll fall You'll struggle in vain Blind hate so unjust I'm sick of hearing from you The lies Your cruelty without a cause Futile and sick Where are you heading now You're future is cursed Hope for us all Dies with you Destined to come crashing down This road leads to despair Defeated Mankind stays the same Shameless tainted soul Your tale will never be told Denied, archaic, it's echoes are weak Futile and sick Where are you heading now You're future is cursed Hope for us all Dies with you Destined to come crashing down This road leads to despair Defeated Mankind stays the same Dark reveals I sense her luring eyes And her evil intentions Without a voice She calls me into her arms But I feel a cold embrace The sweet sting of fear Come to me Taste my gift of death I'll lift the weight of existence Take my hands And I will lead you To the sleep that you crave Alone I fade away I stand alone With all my regrets Towards me she steps In silence Bitter her stare Can I turn away from this Our fatal engagement Come to me Taste my gift of death I'll lift the weight of your life As I face the darkness To fade away I stand alone With all my regrets Will I find the answers As I fade away I stand alone For all eternity Now take my hand And I will lead you To the sleep that you crave As I face the darkness To fade away I stand alone With all my regrets Will I find the answers As I fade away I stand alone For all eternity  I have written a tragedy down below where the pretty boys come to die. Although, I'm spitting phrases of nothing to save myself the embarrassment of apology. The caption read, "Danger" silly boy, "You've got to know when to stop." It's just life lessons disguised as defeat. Dear God, it's happened again. It's a chemical war. A stagnant bore. Compensates for the marathon of a weekly routine, these bones can't take much more. Not quite a tragedy. Vacant streets, ninety-degree heat and this time I've caught fate by the wings and if she screams it's curtains for the dead. This town is on fire and I'm on the hills smiling and laughing knowing that my life has just begun. We prefer to be categorized in sub genres. We opt for meticulous separation. My apologies for I haven't been myself lately. I am not at liberty to say but I can tell you that timing is critical. Modulate me. It's oh so typical. Excite me. Switch up the protocol. All options have been exhausted so we have resorted to slightly embarrassing means. I am dressed in black eyes and IVs, attire you wouldn't be caught dead in. This car ride is cutthroat. My eyes are bloodshot, my veins are blood clot. Don't look now but we're driving this thing right off the edge of the earth. She read my words and swiftly replied, "You're sad as fuck." She read my words and didn't say a fucking thing. Half past one and a dial tone to match. I've fooled sleep one too many times. This clock doesn't seem to move when I want, or should I say that time has no regard when you do. Appearance is just that, brightly colored walls and a slowly burning match. I've fooled sleep one too many times, only to degrade myself. With each word left unsaid, with each feeling left un-shown, one thousand times the urge to show you exactly how much you mean to me. Why did it have to end so soon? Moments after you said, "I love you," or so it seemed. (God I loved hearing those words.) I need to grow up. Hey there anonymous, this doesn't concern you. Notice the expiration sly. Resignation imposed as I've been shedding the seconds and applying the formula, you see? Maybe we're all just numbers after all. Logically impaired, conducive to rapid exchange and repeating, repeating, repeating... till you've run out of those to exploit. Markov entrusts the significant while the steps are outlined. Moments like these are best expressed in binary and systems alike are best explained through song. Yet still, rumor has it you will not be missed and the truth is, I'd rather live by Sicilian proverbs than the words of a modern day savior. In the end, you won't mean much to me. Build a perfect life. Now, build a life and set it on fire. Lesson one: involves a slice of rye and a hand grenade. A reminder to what we once were, a mere glimpse as to all that we will become. Black preceding black. A hint of life (of nothingness) sporadically appears though, as if fate is having fun with us. Vertical incisions require more imagination. Lies are not lies when you're fooling yourself. Lesson two: and the maturity factor. White lined trophies and black book romances just prove walking before crawling. It's pretty hard to keep that tan through the cracks in the walls and it's quite sad to know that you're condemned to long sleeves and food stamps because when he was trying to save you from this place, you were alright. This is the universal. Lesson three: I'm still screaming. I observed the little things: the swaying of scarves, the king of hearts' clever suicide attempt, a slowly decaying corpse sprinkled with shotgun shells and that "alive" look gleaming in its eyes. The distinction between truth and tale exists in the most crucial of times and explodes like a wine cork getting shot into the night, disappearing under stars and blood while exaggerated through war stories and battle wounds. In retrospect, we dwell on childhood memories while a rain of white lies and battle cries create the stage. The last name is embarrassment preceded closely by reliable. The mind seems to outrun the body and the closeness between me and you is ironically the same as the distant from New York to Duxbury. Shake it up. I'm sorry is never enough. I drifted into myself and rested her thoughts upon each face turned pale. She resented those light-hearted jokes so I stole another minute. Moments as long as night filled the void. She'll never know. I'll keep quiet this time. How can those eyes that rest so lightly see so deeply? I try to show her but three words come out as two. Another passing day with one single wish, that maybe I'll make her smile. Does she want to know? I'll keep quiet this time. I guess I couldn't quite live up to what you were expecting. You won't even hear me coming. Flattery honed like a radar detector. I've mastered the art of procrastination and I've come prepared for situations alike. We'll be fine, alright. Cause we're sick and tired of disguising regret through complexities and catch phrases. Cut the transmission! Burn down the radio lines! This town could use some excitement, it'll be fine. Shakedown tonight! Awkward eyes or a clever disguise, two glares, three stares, try it on for size. You won't even hear me coming. Catch phrase engage it away. Manipulate the masses; this town could use a little excitement. Tonight could use some exaggeration. Catch phrase engage it away. Oh what a day. This place will eat you alive. Yet like a drunk game of dating we search for meaningless moves. Dance to a different beat. Shakedown! And the band played on. Paranoia seeks its victims. This is bad news, for I've lost my head again. Even the faint at heart are babbling catch phrases. Oh god, someone deafen me for interest has been exploited. We are saturated in soap opera stricken prose. Beware! I have a disease where borderline intolerance fucks lethargy in rhythmic fashion. You will find me knee deep in regret with a bottle and a bruise reciting tired quotes (oh babe, you've got a lot to lose) and tragic tales. We're not dead enough to matter, yet not alive enough to care. I've lost my head again. I should have seen this one coming. I'm having a hard time believing these are the best years of my life. This is a revolution of lethargy (and pre-determined anxiety attacks.) Awkward fingers push tired pens through desperate acts of terminal illness. This is bad news, for I've lost my head again. The crowds are all alone, temperature set in stone, tempers are flailing because they have nobody, yet I don't care. Look alive. A nervous narcotic speaks in fragmented code. The stressed and the torn travel ambiguous roads. Escape! Young one. Tenderness has no place in the past. Let's sew it all up and dress tomorrow in stainless steel. Pressed against the horizon in the wittiest sense, combed over in late fifties fashion. Disasters bring forth the most clever of men with a knack for "Francois" and the skill of disguise. Oh no, oh no, it's just a simple play on words. Scratch that, from here on in, we're on a first name basis. We feel fine, we are quite alright and I could give a fuck if we wake up this time. Amongst the sway of ticking tocks, the only key in a sea of locks. Please! Just let the good times roll. The crowds are all alone, tempers are flailing because they have nobody, yet I don't care. Night displaying the face of loyalty and my tiresome attractions were like blows to the knee. And it's all the same when there is no chance that you will ever wake up. So correct my passion and erase my speech and never let me feel again. While my newly painted carpet expresses your court-ordered burden. No I can't take back each and every defense and no I don't think I will ever understand Now life is playing me like a game of craps and it tends to roll snake eyes. Your first words stating we'd always be together...  You don't know where I've been so could you bury it? I am a tattered red carpet lying in the corner of a room in an empty white mansion. You're a priceless cedar rocking chair teetering over me. There is a gentle breeze blowing in from an opened window that puts us in perfect harmony. When you wake up I am not lying next to you but you now sit still somewhere far away Among the recesses of the soul lie two deep grooves Pink & tender Inextricable as disfiguring imperfections I am your poet who hasn't written anything, and while you ask me why we should see each other I reply we ought to see each other again before anything can be decided during our time apart I heard both cries of terror and delight alike, but we did not come for each other we hid ourselves purposely in the brush, and although nobody knew the truth but us, we never strayed more than 48 hours from each other's voice and found our way home via the scent of our own piss we walk away as our eyes squint in the unrelenting rays of the sun truth unspoiled beneath true green holy and free, settle your weight upon me we're just another slow motion killing machine Oh holy hatchet, this man has an axe to grind and you'll be my first witness to the death of chivalry making love in the moonlight in a casket of ivory, where's your standards I'm the dirty gatsby, not quite the elephant man, the dirty gatsby with the holy hatchet in hand oh holy hatchet, you can do it alone or I can do it to you, yeah I'll do it to you, I'll even do it to myself Romance in the ivory casket, ever so sweetly and infinitely delicate, we'll have you coming back for more business or pleasure in the business of pleasure waving white flags with a smile so big you'll never leave again it's like getting fucked without getting kissed no pills, no rope, no razor, no gun these are the best kept secrets, old bulls die alone nice tusks I'm leaving this place with the cloths on my back as if everything old were new again I only said what you already knew, what you were thinking there's color in your sadness, in the way you move like a pale yellow shining through a dirty white what moves you like words that you love (and our heart beat in our fingertips, without reason) what captivates you to watch the ice melt you're offending motion, you are nothing but wings I'll tear them off at least I have the everlasting novelty of uninhabited sensation and the pleasure of uncertainty what moves you like words that you love? (and our heart beat in our fingertips without reason) what captivates you to watch the ice melt offending motion, you're nothing but wings offending motion, I'll tear them off. How many caesars have I been? Every cadaver sacred, every cadaver critical This world isn't mine, it's me my conscience is nothing but a blot of ink on a sheet of paper, tearing us apart. One day the bitter angels of our character will string us back together and two will become one. The excess that burns me, the harmony that runs within me, and I don't tremble before god, but with love this is the fine art of dissecting human hearts In spite of everything, I'll make you watch. We sleep in the presence of kinves, in a whisper we're two of a kind Beneath the perfect sky we kill to pass the time Beneath a perfect sky, two lovers, two knives. This time cupid's gone for the jugular a real, literal, motherfucker. and what will we become, and what have we become? watch me fuck her, watch me love her in spite of everything, these are not the sort of things to calm the nerves still standing in the stairway, staring back after everything I will love you as if it were always before On the outside, above all the sweat of death, even shit looks pure to me She even looks pure. In the dead of night, we roll swiftly to the right, to the left, like assassins killing with our teeth Please come back to bed. A stolen kiss that lead me to the operating table left me lifeless, dear. Glamorous, my spiders have returned, so let the clustered fragments of our fantasies make their way to the surface, where they will be gelled together, ever so sweetly destroying boundaries that we've fabricated hold me closer before this last goodbye wrap your lips around it before it's under the faucet and if you cry as you choke, let the water allude you into the miracle. Rest viper, rest my heart, when have you ever been apart from me, a shallow reputation mistaken for identity, cause there's something about us, the white mask is in the closet how I will I recognize you without it? I'll be waiting with an orchid and psalm, two orchids and a psalm three orchids and apsalm I'm all about shame tonight Rest viper, rest my heart After all, you're just a reflection of a reflection, and the water eludes me the box I live in only has three corners The paint is peeling and the ceiling is too low I spread myself too thin I raped her birth certificate, we took a wrong turn at a busted pipe The dictator dictates the dictum the way drunk girls look at me Better call the doctor, I feel like I could kill her I can smell you on my finger (when she is disabled) I spit oil into the sink (when she is disabled) (with every piece of me) a lack of change can kill a man (I'd bury angels for you) while you're sleeping in dirty places (I'm lying through my teeth) infidelity is forward momentum, misguided by nagging insecurities. I can't win, the disabled one attacked the panoramic view of my guy I drew straws of fresh fruit from her bith canal Her hair is in my throat The song ends with violins, I haven't killed anybody since 1984. Who set the church on fire, a most courageous attempt at the assassination of god what will you be dreaming when they kill you in your sleep? There's martyrs in the cemetery. Arcane terrorists are vandalizing your grave we're not dead yet, you tell them we're not saints expire in your sleep we might find it in the streets tonight subcategorize, subdivide we might find it in the streets tonight subdivision choose your side, we look the other way destroy the self contained character of your participators this is just a phase, we're dying through give us something to touch or kill expire with dignified composure that's one good-looking corpse (if they find it) they'll find you in the streets, when they find you, you tell them this love is biblical, this light perpetual Ignite this city, we'll cut every throat, burn every bridge, and let ourselves be free. I must have left my heart in Buffalo Beating between the rusty gears of a killing machine and I'll wear you out for a buck or two have I made your day? Have I made your day? Tasteless memories scraped into concrete ignite this city, a ruin of apathy one light for every heart, one rat for every scar heartless souls, where do we go from here heartless souls, your just another ghost this time I'm all ears but I'm not listening Inspiration or adaptation of early 20th century French Pornography Plagiarism is planting seeds, this is not another cliche tragedy when the body abandons me obscenity exaggerates love at 72 inches of revolution and 1051 a head you better get your shovel and those who dig can you dig? it's nice to know that I've touched the lives of others by wasting their time my heart's too big for this cty where everyone's strapped or strapping what's the word for wishful thinking, there's a word for wishful thinking I must have left my heart in buffalo and my brains between your legs. Friday night always seems to continue in the cave of the minotaur I see the outside world of the maze my father built seeking the opportune time to attack always searching for the meat on people but all the ever bear are the scraps it's best to hungry because the suffering and desire will feed you more in the end my recovery time is quickest when I am hit and the reason is my only perceivable enemy is also my strongest love maybe I'm the minotaur pacing in my cage or on the hunt for the weakened prey but I won't let it kill me, let it kill me, let it kill me (and even if someday you gain on my when I am crippled with intangible fear) my companion will never allow even a single hair on my body to be touched by your breath my recovery time is quickest when I am hit and the reason is my only perceivable enemy is also my strongest love distant and disconnected, I dream in sentence fragments the constant rain, (I remain, I remain awake) silhouettes across the stage I remain, I remain awake. My only perceivable enemy is also my strongest love. (With you by my side, I am proud to turn my back upon all the others, do you sense it?) The words across the grave read "god, how you've startled me" All we can ask for sleep. I moved across your grave, beneath the sunset candlelight mistaken for moonlight the intensity of these sensations means nothing to those around us What's that noise? Everyone is dead here. Absence radiates, what kind of party is this? Indecisive, these words are indecisive and I forgot the question, and I forgot the question. No sounds except you, no sound except you. I am liberated, I am lost. I shiver, with fever I am. No sound except you, no sound except you. All we can ask for is sleep. I moved across your grave beneath the sunlight. Candlelight mistaken for moonlight. There's a knock at my door God how you've startled me. The name across the grave reads "Pontius Pilate". (Boys, we're going home and we're bringing the plague back with us.) Here's to the death of happy endings. (Thanks for ruining my life)  The Rulers Of The Darkness Of This World Unmasked Bringing Their Offers To Man A Terrible Reality Is Knocking On Your Door Threathening To Destroy Your Life Forevermore Personal Freedom And Independence Fulfilment Of Desire, Still Needing More Sinning Without Any Feelings Of Guilt Emptiness And An Exhausted Soul Without God There Is No Life Man Can Not Survive Blinded By Demonic Seduction Led Into Destruction Free People With Self-Determination Crimes, Suicide And Apprehension Living Is Worthless, Nothing To Gain Denying The Truth And Satan's Existense I Got Through To You And Destroyed You To I Made You All Pay Cause You Did Obey You Didn't Stop Me I Got Your Key You Cannot Turn Back I Got You On My Track I Fooled You With A Lie And You Did Not Deny I Fooled You With A Lie An You Did Not Deny I Was Fooling You Cause You Never Knew We Were Born To Get Love From Above Selfish, Greed And Curiosity Sin Burned Through Our Hearts We Lost It All, Cause It Made Us Fall Selfish Endavuor Fails In The End The Safety You Had Is Gone You Are Left To be Alone Blinded By Fright, Your Eyes Have Lost Sight You Do Not Know What You Are Doing The Evil That You Have Done Have Made You All Become Blind Your Dream Is A Lie, You Live Just To Die Trust In The Word Of he Mighty Lord Real Life Is In Gods Hand Is It So Hard To Believe To Him We Must Come, He'll Give Us Wisdom Temptations Fills My Soul And Pain Rises From Inside The Devil Works From Within Our Sinful Passions Aroused By The Law I Know That Within What's Good Is Not At Home I Try With All My Strenght But Still I'm Condemned To Fall The Law Took My Life Away The Sin Put Me To Death The Fainting Human That I Am I Can Not Understand I Do Not Practise What I Will But I Do What I Hate Who Will Rescue Me From This Body Doomed To Death Thank's Be To God Through Jesus No Condemnation In The Lord Thank You Jesus For Saving Me Jesus, Jesus, Ver Du Hjå Meg Statt Ved Leiet Gå'kje Frå Meg No Mi Avferd Stundar Til La'kje Satan Meg Få Gjera Noko Vondt, Du Meg Må Bera Det er Heim Til Deg Eg Vil Jesus, Gløym I Nåde Ordi Som Eg I Mitt Liv På Jordi Titt Har Tala Deg Imot Gløym Alt Vondt Eg Gjorde, Tenkte Det Som Titt Ditt Hjarta Krenkte Læk Mi Sjuke Hjarterot Alt Som Vil Mitt Hjarta Tyngja Tak Det Bort, Så Eg Kan Syngja Fri Og Frelst Min Siste Song Jesus, Jesus, Gå'kje Frå Meg Statt Ved Leiet, Ver Du Hjå Meg No Eg Sovnar Siste Gong  Living just playing the game Lust for power lies within Killing is no longer a sin Striving for a mental illness And slowly leaving reality Lost without control Left within you soul Subconsciousness no turning back Absorbed by their own needs They cannot see where it leads Left in an inner world of fantasy Ending their lives as a human wreck Playing just losing the game Destroyed themselves with hate Their souls will not be saved Endless pain tormented forever God's rage awaits for them to see Lost without control Left within you soul Satisfaction death reaction Lifeless being life deceiving Materialistic lie existing till you die The world cannot give nor let you live Lustful bodies skinned to the core still crying out for so much more Needing eyes filled with desire made to be just another liar Turn away it's hell to pay Not a very nice place to stay When you die the needing eyes cry there's nothing left to consume All that you've worked for falls through the dust there's only hell left to pay for your lust Materialistic lie existing till you die The world cannot give nor let you live Fighting seems so in vain Weakened by my own brain Mindless torture blackening my thoughts I'm flying away to my deepest decay I'm falling through the black hole I've lost my tears now I'm cold Deeper deeper deeper I'll fall I have no strength hear my call My soul is screaming let me free Take away this pain I see Descending feelings where are you leading me Desires of death rules in my darkness In the shadows I'll die all alone Blinding sorrow there's no tomorrow There's no place my soul can hide Slain by the thoughts that lied Fighting seems so in vain Weakened by my own brain See the reason to exist Jesus help me trough this miss Living inside restless and wild Using your mind just like you're blind Imagination hallucination Distortion of the soul Leaving you out cold Nowhere to run there's no more fun See no solution to your confusion Don't stay too long You'll never know what's wrong Open up wide let God inside I started to think of what I've done with my hands Worked hard and suffered for nothing but emptiness Want to cry to die under the sun that's why Wisdom and foolishness nothing but emptiness Wisdom is better than folly The wise have got eyes in their head while fools walk about in the dark But they meet the same destiny Want to cry to die Can you tell me why? Then I said in my silent mind I've the same fate as the fool Want to cry to die Can you tell me why? Want to cry to die Is it all a lie? How can all my wisdom serve me? The wise must die like a fool All Man's days full of pain all he does brings him grief No comfort just oppressed nothing but emptiness All his tears all his fears under the sun it breeds Hopelessness wickedness nothing but emptiness God has granted Man abundance a gift of God power to enjoy He won't dwell upon the passing years because God satisfies Never to feel nothing too real The place of doom this empty room Look inside the brain The unconscious chain All the time awaiting Creatures my soul are taking Who can break these chains Only death remains The inmost fear it's all so near The evil within stored by sin The dark side forsaken Ready to be awakened In my darkest hour I can feel the power Running through my vein Driving me insane Where am I to go Still inside my soul Reaching out from within Who can forgive my sin If I could reach the door All this pain no more No more... I'm searching for you I'm searching for me For some answers to see For something to come for something to go That's all I want to know God creates God destroys Jesus dies so you could live Drink the blood of Christ The Son of Man was sacrificed I'm searching for good I'm searching for bad Where is the faith I had For someone to listen for someone to care I don't want to be a mayor I'm searching for love I'm searching for hate Can it be too late? For something true for something false There's someone who calls God creates God destroys Jesus dies so you could live Drink the blood of Christ The Son of Man was sacrificed Be gracious to me o God In Thy true love In the fullness of Thy mercy Blot out my misdeeds Create in me a pure heart o God Give me a new and steadfast spirit Do not drive me from Thy presence Or take Thy Holy Spirit from me Against Thee I have sinned And done what displeases Thee Thou hast hidden the truth in darkness Through this mystery Thou teach me Create in me a pure heart o God Give me a new and steadfast spirit Do not drive me from Thy presence Or take Thy Holy Spirit from me  In You, I Have Taken Refuge Never Let Me Be Put To Shame As You Are Righteous Rescue Me And Save My Life Hear Me And Set Me Free Be A Rock Of Refuge For Me, Where I May Ever Find Safety At Your Call For You Are My Towering Crag And Stronghold O Lord , Keep My Life Safe From The Wicked You Are My Hope, O Lord, My Trust, O Lord, Since Boyhood From Birth I Have Leaned Upon You My Protector Since I Left My Mother's Vomb Let All My Traducers Be Shamed And Dishonoured Let All Who Seek My Hurt Be Covered With Scorn But I Will Wait In Continual Hope I Will Praise You Again And Again All Day Long Your Righteousness, Your Saving Acts, Shall Be Upon My Lips You Shall Ever Be The Theme Of My Praise Your Righteousness, Yours Alone You Are My Hope, O Lord, My Trust, O Lord, Since Boyhood From Birth I Have Leaned Upon You My Protector Since I Left My Mothers Womb For You Have Done Great Things Who Is Like You? Gjenkomst Det Tordner I Norges Land Vinden Herjer Blant Fjell Og Vann Tettpakket Med Tunge Skyer Som Ligger Tett Over Norske Byer Svartedauen Er På Vei Igjen Smitter Over På Alle Vordne Menn Fra Vikingid Til Vår Samfunnsstrid En Manndomskamp Kjempes Med Flid Gjør Klar Til Kamp Kjemp Med Svettedamp Gud Vil Med Deg Stride Nederlag Vil Du Ei Lide Dypt Inn i Skogens Skygge Ligger Mørkets Menn Så Trygge Men Vikingmann Har Ingen Frykt En Hellig Mann Har Gitt Ham Lykt /: Gjør Klar Til Kamp Kjemp Med Svettedamp Gud Vil Med Deg Stride Nederlag Vil Du Ei Lide :/ Inn I Sjelens Dype Mørke Hvor Livet Svinner Hen Der Tomhet Har Sitt Rike Og Intet Blir Igjen Hvordan Skal Jeg Kunne Leve Min Sjel Så Høyt Forhatt Sorg Er Hva Jeg Føler Alt Så Ensomt Og Forlatt Av Hele Min Kropp Jeg Kjemper Men Ingen Krefter Har Finnes Det Håp I Mørket Vise Vei Til Det Som Var Har Sorgen Vunnet Sin Seier Hvor Kan Jeg Finne Håp Lyset Som Glimtet I Mørket Var Kun Sorgens Dåp Weakened By The Things I've Done Blackened Has My Soul Become Satan Says He'll Set Me Free But He's A Loser Just Like Me The Things I've Done In My Past It Haunts My Soul And Kills At Last My Life Is A Path Of Pain No Light And Laid In Chains My Effort Contains No Meaning The Srenght I Had - Now Weakening As Time Passes The Soul Is Screaming The Wall Of Grief Inside Increasing Father, I Don't Need These Emotions Why Won't You Just Stop The Pain My Heart Has Become Hard As Stone I've Brought Upon Myself A Wall Jesus You Fought The Battle For Me Help Me To See That You Sets Me Free How Can I Manage To Live I Don't Receive As Much As I Give The Dark Side Of An Emotional Soul Will Not Let This Become His Goal A Struggle Against The Evil Within, A Fight Which No Man Can Ever Win Fooled By The Lie, Of Changing My Destiny I Fought The Truth, Never To Rest In Peace Is There A Way, How Can I Pay Jesus You Fought The Battle For Me Help Me To See That You Set Me Free Svake Menn Uten Styrke Lar Seg Derfor Snarlig Lure Sluker Alt Som Tilbys Dem Landet Blir Ei Deres Hjem Faller For Et Fremmed Folk Som Frister Med Dødens Liv De Vet Ikke Hva De Gjør Og Skaper Ulykke Bak Hver En Dør Satans Barn Langveis Fra Kommer Hit Med Falske Håp Fordømmelse Over Den Norske Mann Fortærer Det Ganske Land La Blikket Ei Fra Veien Vike Norske Menn I Det Sanne Lys La Deg Ei Fra Lyset Lure Da Skal Ingen Kunne Deg Kue Der Kristus Får Regjere Vil Folket Stå Med Styrket Sjel Den Mektigste Trone Står Og Herren Folkets Hyllest Får Vi Trenger Ikke Bruke Krefter For Herren Har Kraft Nok Lik Tusen Hester Nå Nærmer Vi Oss Endetiden Men Kampen Ble Vunnet For Lenge Siden Ingenting Er Vi I Oss Selv Faderen Er Kilden Lik En Endeløs Elv Sammen Vi Står Med Kraft I Ånden Herren Gir Oss Det Vi Trenger I Hånden Hør Du Veike Hjerte Vend Om Og Du Blir Sterk Herren Er Større Enn Alle Guder Hans Navn Består Til Evig Tid Herren Sørger For Alle Sine Ingen Skal Mangle Noe I Strid Ingen Skal Lenger Behøve Å Lide Kristus Er Han Som Vant Oss I Tide Troen Er Sterk I Herren Selv Døden Er En Seier Over Verden Det Er Ingen Som Kan Oss Stoppe Når Det Er Herren Som Holder Oss Oppe Han Styrker Oss I Denne Verden Fra Ham Strømmer Kraften Til Hele Ferden Snart Er Ferden Omme For Sent Å Vende Om Guds Ord Fra Vår Munn, Lysets Barn, Skal Runge De Onde, Mørkets Barn, Skal Miste Sin Tunge Helliget Være De Ydmykes Skarpe Sverd Mørket Fryktes Ei Når Vi Vandrer På Vår Vei Far Ydmykt Frem Lysets Barn Frykt Herren, Han Bringer Oss Hjem Guds Ord Fra Vår Munn, Lysets Barn, Skal Runge De Onde, Mørkets Barn, Skal Miste Sin Tunge Helliget Være De Ydmykes Skarpe Sverd Mørket Fryktes Ei Når Vi Vandrer På Vår Vei Himmelen Skaker, Jorden Skjelver Dagen Hans Vrede Flammer Opp Helliget Være De Ydmykes Skarpe Sverd Mørket Fryktes Ei Når Vi Vandrer På Vår Vei Guds Mektige Vesen, Allhærs Gud Legger Jorden Øde Og Rydder Syndere Ut We Are God’s Servants Armed For War Our Lives Are Sacrified To Die For The Lord Mountains Are Shaking We’re Marching Ahead God Uses His Servants To Help The Mislead Rejoice In The Lord Through Him We’ll Fight We’ll Get Our Reward When The Time Is Right /: The Lord Is Our Master O Lord Make Us Win The Lord Is Our Master our strength is from within :/ God’s Word - Our Sword The Faith - Our Shield In God’s People Truth Is Revealed Lift Up His Name The Battle Has Begun Listen You Mortal Obey, No Use To Run The Almighty Is Here Calling Your Name We Are God’s Servants Armed For War Our Lives Are Sacrified To Die For The Lord Mountains Are Shaking We’re Marching Ahead God Uses His Servants To Help The Mislead Rejoice In The Lord Through Him We’ll Fight We’ll Get Our Reward When The Time Is Right /: The Lord Is Our Master O Lord Make Us Win The Lord Is Our Master our strength is from within :/ Too Bad You Won't Live But Then Again Who Does Christ Was Dead But Now He Lives And They Who Live They Are Dead It's Not A Good Thing To Live In Fear Someone Is In Fear Of Living No One Lives Without Fear Wake Up, It's Time To Die Weak Is The Strong Strong Are They Who Weep Sad Is The Truth And Laughs Are For Few Not An Easy Thing To Meet Your Maker Everyone Will See Him Face To face No Escape Beyond His Dominion Plain And Simple Skinned To The Core  The rulers of the darkness of this world Unmasked bringing their offers to man A terrible reality is knocking on your door Threatening to destroy your lofe forevermore Personal freedom and independence Fulfilment of desire, still needing more Sinning without any feelings of guilt Emptiness and exhausted soul Without God there is no life Man can not survive Blinded by demonic seduction Led into destruction Free people with self-determination Crimes, suicide and apprehension Living is worthless, nothing to gain Denying the truth the truth and satan's existense Got Through To You And Destroyed You To I Made You All Pay Cause You Did Obey You Didn't Stop Me I Got Your Key You Cannot Turn Back I Got You On My Track I Fooled You With A Lie And You Did Not Deny I Fooled You With A Lie An You Did Not Deny I Was Fooling You Cause You Never Knew We Were Born To Get Love From Above Selfish, Greed And Curiosity Sin Burned Through Our Hearts We Lost It All, Cause It Made Us Fall Selfish Endavuor Fails In The End The Safety You Had Is Gone You Are Left To be Alone Blinded By Fright, Your Eyes Have Lost Sight You Do Not Know What You Are Doing The Evil That You Have Done Have Made You All Become Blind Your Dream Is A Lie, You Live Just To Die Trust In The Word Of he Mighty Lord Real Life Is In Gods Hand Is It So Hard To Believe To Him We Must Come, He'll Give Us Wisdom Temptations Fills My Soul And Pain Rises From Inside The Devil Works From Within Our Sinful Passions Aroused By The Law I Know That Within What's Good Is Not At Home I Try With All My Strenght But Still I'm Condemned To Fall The Law Took My Life Away The Sin Put Me To Death The Fainting Human That I Am I Can Not Understand I Do Not Practise What I Will But I Do What I Hate Who Will Rescue Me From This Body Doomed To Death Thank's Be To God Through Jesus No Condemnation In The Lord Thank You Jesus For Saving Me Jesus, Jesus, Ver Du Hjõ Meg Statt Ved Leiet Gõ'kje Frõ Meg No Mi Avferd Stundar Til La'kje Satan Meg Fõ Gjera Noko Vondt, Du Meg Mõ Bera Det er Heim Til Deg Eg Vil Jesus, Gløym I Nõde Ordi Som Eg I Mitt Liv Põ Jordi Titt Har Tala Deg Imot Gløym Alt Vondt Eg Gjorde, Tenkte Det Som Titt Ditt Hjarta Krenkte Læk Mi Sjuke Hjarterot Alt Som Vil Mitt Hjarta Tyngja Tak Det Bort, Sõ Eg Kan Syngja Fri Og Frelst Min Siste Song Jesus, Jesus, Gõ'kje Frõ Meg Statt Ved Leiet, Ver Du Hjõ Meg No Eg Sovnar Siste Gong An angel descending from heaven holding the key to the abyss he seized the serpent of old who is the devil and satan Into the abyss sealed bound for a thousand years After that he must be / released for a little while Out to lead astray the nations to muster them for battle up over the breadth of the earth surrounded the camp of the saints ready to fight the bloved city In the end, they will be / Forever in, the lake of fire? Fire came down from heaven the devil who deceived them flung into the lake of fire to the beast and the false prophet tortoured day and night forever Insanity look for yourself, satan rules this world destruction he is the source he is after your soul To save us from the hellish pain, God sent Jesus Christ Crucified for all our sins, He felt the horror and pain New life He rose again / New life He came to give New life to a world of hate / New life you came to receive New life He sets sinners free / New life he is for us New life can be born today / New life for you Condemed burned in holy flames God you can stand his presence The law you cannot be saved Man sin is in your way / Love the holy and pure Done what man couldn't do blood cover your sins/ Jesus offered his life A best rose from the sea it started to blaspheme You watch out, satan might get you He will never let you go Jesus can help, He has won He is the Messiah in Him you must belive Don't let satan treat you as a friend Satan comes to collect his souls Jesus saves you if you want to It's up to you to make the choice give your life to Jesus Christ Jesus is the one and only He was crucified for your life You got to have faith in the Lord He'll save you from eternal death give your life to Jesus Christ You've got a choice, that you must make It's up to you, to live or die  Rites of death Rites of undeath We're falling We're falling down I told you we're into deep Transfer life into what's dead The act of humans playing God Redoing the acts of medieval Witchcraft and the worship of dead We're falling, we're falling down From our throne, so supposedly high When we confront the power great The might of our own creator Transfer life into what's dead The act of human playing God Redoing the acts of medieval Witchcraft and the worship of dead The rites of undeath Is the testament of our own death Sometimes I cry in grief Not for the dead that once surrounded me Or for the sadness that comes to me When I am lonely But I cry For those who have chosen a life without Christ There are twelve months Three hundred and sixty-five days a year But it takes just one second to answer Him And receive eternal peace Vi kommer tilbake på hvite hester, med sverdene hevet klare til kamp ! Vi strider med Kristus mot hedningefolket, som slo seg på brystet og sa: "Gud han er død", de ville ei knele, de ville ei døpes i natt skal de dø ! Hver eneste en de ender med sine, i helvædes rige, menn uten mot mål og mening. Gud, kan ei blø I natt skal du dø Sverdene i våre hender Frir deg ut fra jordiske bånd Vi tar våre hester sammen med Kristus Oppad vi farer mot himmelens hall Der skal vi i sammen med Herren regjere Hans styrke består til evige tider Med frihet og glede i lyset fra tronen Vår trette sjel vil der finne hvile Men utenfor skjærer de tenner og gråter Vær du ei en dåre når du tar ditt valg Nå ser vi i et speil som i en gåte Men da skal vi se utilslørt Himmelen åpenbart ! Vemod over det tapte liv Et liv som aldri ble levd Jeg vet lite av glede Men Mye av vrede Vik fra meg Satan  Rites of death Rites of undeath We're falling We're falling down I told you we're into deep Transfer life into what's dead The act of human playing God Redoing the acts of medieval Witchcraft and the worship of dead We're falling, we're falling down From our throne, so supposedly high When we confront the power great The might of our own creator Transfer life into what's dead The act of human playing God The rites of undeath Is the testament of our own death Enter the halls of distant memory Feel your previous actions once again Your lies and deceit Your hate and long lost love Walk through the hallway of you past Sense the evil like a whip from beyond The doors keep on forever Possibility is endless Wander through one of the bronzecovered doors And feel the weaves of old times cruelty Run from the darkness, the endless void And get yourself cornered by the demons of fear Running and screaming through these ancient halls The presence of something unseen carries on Of old time cruelty the past haunts you of old times cruelty ...save me... The regrets of all actions that you've done before has now turned it's way back to you The demons from the past haunts your soul Walk through the hallway of your past sense the evil, like a whip from beyond the doors keep on forever possibility is endless Your ideals are wicked and deceiving how can you find peace you seek the righteous, but find the void Die by the sword of live by the book Glimpse your death within the scythe seek the righteous, find the truth the book of eternal youth Of generations cold as stone, you wander still awaiting your inevitable death your quest has ended where it began But is there really a life for me is there a place to dwell pleasures of the flesh vio dolorosa Of fear and despair, you've wandered of hatred and grief, you've slaughtered I've seen you in your darkest hour I know you as myself But is there really a life for me... Via dolorosa, memento mori In you I've found my nothing in you I can't hide my pain in you my love has gone in you I've kept my cold Captor of sin, you've stolen my past via dolorosa I've wasted my life for you My hate you create My blood is water my life means nothing my warmth has vanished The grip no longer holds When passion abandons The bonds no longer clutch And the rope screams you name A path of daggers But where to step A hallway of illusions Of what was Duty heavy as a mountain The battle draws near Your shoulders carry many Still death seems remarkably void You wonder fate in lack of faith What you consider luck, may be God's will A wanderer of the light will never die Before God gives his approval A path of daggers... The crown I carry as an aura above me Is the proof of who my saviour truly is My mute cries overheard My blindness is seen My tears washed away My feebleness became my strength Duty heavy as a mountain The battle draws hear Your shoulders carry many Still death seems remarkably void You wonder fate in lack of faith what you consider luck, may be Gods wil A wanderer of the light will never die Before God gives his approval A path of daggers... When love is lost, only hate will remain I am in pain I am... the cursed one Life is not what it was meant to be What I didn't ask for has now turned my way Somewhere in a garden it all turned wrong Things I once believed in have now turned evil Yet I pray, "Deliver me from evil" But another spell pulled me away Will suicide break the ring of curse Tomorrow I'll be gone, so don't look for me I am lying on my death-bed, with chaos in my mind My life took more than it gave Betrayed and deceived I will now pass away And with the gun in my hand, my questions Are soon to be answered Will suicide break the ring of cure... Satan and god, the thought passes my mind Heaven and hell, it's not up to me If the Christians that I've seen Represent the true God of heaven Then it's not a place that I want to be But if I'm blinded, please open my eyes And help my now... Will suicide break the ring of cure Tomorrow I'll be gone, then you'll be all alone The assembler of souls absorbs all within his reach His seemingly perpetual glance of doom Would even make the smallest of serenities breach As he rides he wind being the ghost of gloom Running darkness all around A knife in her hand Fall, rising, screaming the name of her beloved So weak, and so weary Something blackening her thoughts A cloud, a force, a weight Finding her true love lying in red Is this reality or just a vision in her head To be the knife as well as the wound Is all that concerns her Overwhelmed by a burden, like hordes of fear The obscurity of the vale of tears Grasping for safety, which lies all so near Incresent malice of the vale of tears Wandering oblivious in the foggy twilight Shades of an obelisk shines so bright Incredulous thoughts, bewildering her mind Is there really a god to find Halting through the darkest of forests The obese and extraneous at her tail This haunting, lingering to the extreme She is about to quail Then a formless mass of black, went skyward Stars began to fade behind a veil of dark blue velvet She stopped, she listened, nothing Silence, an eternity passed The silhouettes of something unseen, a presence The art of the Y Is the excellence of X Corroding is for autumn Renewing is for spring The art of the Y Is the excellence of X Corroding is for autumn Renewing is for spring Recovering of the dead Impossible for the living The making of a copy Is destruction of mankind The earth is in it's autumn The leaves have hit the ground Corroding this earth is dying Not knowing, you'll face the end The coming of Christ Is the return of X The art of the Y Is in the new spring My hands in the open wound The knife clutches near The blood of my veins spread out My flesh become soiled This desperate act of loss The pain of knowing why My mind slips into a blur Upcoming questions... as I die Forever in search of the truth I find myself puzzled Don't you feel the urge The passionate flow The endless collision Of purity and evil Since we're of the flesh We are to realize That mankind must end If purity will prevail Forever in search of the truth I find myself puzzled ... as I die Don't you feel the urge The passionate flow The endless collision Of purity and evil Since we're of the flesh We are to realize That mankind must end If purity will prevail Death is my goal / Death, set me free In my living hell, I can no longer be Please bring me back home Where I can be free  As I whisper gently into sleeping ears strange images appear and fills the horizon focus seems to be drawn away from me whilst colours fade, time ceases to exist Dreaming, doors opening waking, can this be real wake up Fraud To see what I have foreseen Fraud To be what I have become a treacherous domain Sing with me this last song as I lay myself to rest unfulfilled promises of change this is the end sing for me this swan-song everlasting hope disappearing Built upon lies upon promises of gold makes this deceit tenfold I have caressed this lie forsaken I will die Sing with me this last song before I lay myself to rest all I've ever been will be gone sing for me this manifest Fraud I was an easy prey for you better believe that those days are over now Naivety of the past so sick of being abused Forgiving is not forgetting My revenge boils inside though I try to oppress it but I cannot deny my newborn freedom Forgiving is not forgetting A broken heart mended no more crying in vain regrets suffer ignorance all feelings are dead Some wounds heal with time I welcome this new reality and call it my own Rage, because of you hate, because of you fallen, because of you reborn, because of you Forgiven and forgotten Frantic I scream in agony of not being able to reach my goals wars inside my head I do my best, I give my all still I'm so far away trying to keep my hope I stumble and I fall As I lay here, waiting for you beside me, to keep me calm My head held high, my outside unscathed no one to ask, no one to help I'm left here all alone Battle rages all day long bitterness seldom comes alone fury becoming my strength and seems to be the only way to survive All pain that I've ever known I reap only what my past has sown no secrets are kept from you as you witness my attempts to ignore Frantic I scream in agony of not being able to reach my goals wars inside my head I do my best, I give my all still I'm so far away trying to keep my hope I stumble and I fall I ask for forgiveness but my screams are unheard my claims misunderstood ignorance has won As I lay here, waiting for You beside me, to keep me calm I feel your spirit comforting me and within me, I'm saved through grace No chains needed to keep me still strangulation does not keep me from screaming no poison can deny the truth purification has replaced my anger Outcast, freak titles made by those who fear the unknown infectious, leper lack of wisdom overpowers humanity Leper in disguise Injustice has been served for several years a life ignored by most never again will I keep to myself my actions speak louder than words Outcast, freak titles made by those who fear the unknown infectious, leper lack of wisdom overpowers humanity No chains needed to keep me still strangulation does not keep me from screaming no poison can deny the truth purification has replaced my anger My silence has broken Stabbed in the back by the most trusted individual leaves mental scars that time will not heal I will never forget, and I cannot possibly forgive locked away in the back of my mind forever it is like a hibernating cancer Abandoning my name fleeing from an invisible force many years have passed still the daggers are caressing my skin Breathe, feel, deny, search, find, receive Animal behavior, these darwinistic thoughts certifies my human nature forgiving and forgetting can only be done through divine intervention Abandoning my name fleeing from an invisible force many years have passed still the daggers are caressing my skin Breathe, feel, deny, search, find, receive Doors are closed, I hold the key will they stay like this for eternity searching for what I don't want to find a hibernating cancer hibernating cancer But I don't want to forget and therefore I cannot ever forgive Gazing at the mirror trying to find small remnants of my soul which have been left behind during childhood the memories and the shame. All that's left is revenge all that's real is revenge Breathe, feel, search, find, receive Doors open by the touch of my hand hibernating cancer awakens Euphoria, redemption Stabbed in the back by the most trusted individual it leaves mental scars that only God can heal I will never forget, and I cannot possibly forgive locked away in the back of my mind forever it is like a hibernating cancer Brothers! Trust not the kings of this world trust not the snakes by the crowns on their heads The scorching of septic flesh, the riddance of the yoke they have lured upon us, scorching into our flesh the melting of golden crown into ploughshares Be not like the princes rip not your heart of flesh out in search of a golden one glory of this world is but vapour All towers will tear and fall to the ground Trust not the kings of this world for ever to their shackles they us bind look for not to their sliver for hope, that blinding glimmer darkness building, destructing Let not our thoughts be bent to the ways of their greed for ever like a rabid mongrel greed bite the hands that feeds it Let justice be wreaked on the wolves of their thrones Brothers! Let us be rid of this curse let us be different, let us inverse The riches of this world are but vapour, towers ready to fall In the valley of death we are all beggars Their castles will crumble, and the waves run them over and grind them to sand All towers must fall, throne rooms and gilded halls facing the flood of an unending tide All tyrants will crawl, like the snakes they were stealing, making idols for their own destruction false flames in the hearts of man All flesh will rot, all hearts will stop We will look for embers of humanity in the ashes of the empires brought to justice Self-inflicted mental scars protected by memories old Seeing something from a different view it could not help less Broken and beaten I face another day unleashed into this cold world Mistrust and decay I couldn't care less Continuing this seemingly hopeless journey scars from the past push aside the pain alive but not living the life of the undead Still you remain and maintain your powers trying my best to neglect your ways Victory seems so far gone death just a razors edge away Mistrust and decay I couldn't care less My life is not worth living how can I stand this pain there is no reason to exist I wasn't asked to join this sick game Self-inflicted mental scars protected by memories old seeing something from a different view it could not help Praying for no more than hope is the only light in this darkness torn apart as I may be Ready to be rebuilt Her kisses were like being embraced by life itself dressed in a funeral gown she was more beautiful than I ever could remember The true source overwhelms me embraced by this entity the fullness of her beauty lacks the imperfection of humanity Like an angel she came but like a demon she flew away joy turned to sadness hope turned to hate Fooled yet again by the lies of mankind fooled yet again by the lies Like an angel she came but like a demon she flew away joy turned to sadness hope turned to hate All alone I wander in the darkness lost and dazed I cease to exist visions of old comes to mind I've been through this before Joy turned to sadness hope turned to hate Will I ever dare to feel again or is this my everlasting bitter end Smerte, min kjærkomne venn du svikter ei når alt annet er ikledd bedrag Lyset, så ukjent og fjernt minner om en gammel kjenning som nå fordømmer hvert steg og hver tanke jeg tenker Her er alt jeg eier min sorg, min angst, mitt dødsønske så ikke kom her og redd meg jeg vil heller drepes enn å glemme den sorg jeg har Jeg forakter alt som glimer av håp og mine øyne har lukket seg for godt nå ser jeg døden sende roser med mitt navn det varmer godt i en utgrått sjel, det fyller opp mitt savn Se minnene brenner se ordene svir se blemmene skapt av svikende frender se mitt bryst revet opp av kjærlighetens løgn Her er alt jeg eier min sorg, min angst, mitt dødsønske så ikke kom her og redd meg jeg vil heller drepes enn å glemme den sorg jeg har Smerte, min kjærkomne venn du sviktet ei, du har fulgt meg til veis ende Ser du lyset min gamle kjenning? det er tid for å ta farvel men vi sees nok atter igjen  Dark heavens the blissful earth chokes Conquered by shadows of a thousand crows Pestilential stench, rotten corpse Befogs the forest, death-stricken Forceful will of retaliation The tender undertone of Satan Preaching of our fate and of our enemies Despising the grace of divinity Sins acute, piercing veins Bloodshed stains the iron chains Scales dark pitched, eyes gleaming green Insignia of our tribe, destiny slain Ghastly hair prolonged by hate Weaving sins, vigorous, strained This bloody pledge that we take Bleeds wisdom through the eyes of the Snake In the eyes The darker side Daystar fades Nightstar glides Argently the starlight shines Reflecting the shaft of the scythe Fear follows, blood drains Annihilation echoes in the valley's gloom Ramping thunderous, road of revenge The Dark Ride carries his headpiece lanced Gradually drawing close Devouring your peace desiring soul Dark funerals, sullen air swells The death-lake swallowed the moonlight, chilled Thirteen corpses in cerement enslaved The Sorceress whispers the Snake-god's will Sky ripping bats from under-earth soar Warriors roar a cry of war Bloodthirsty tunes they croak From the depths of hell they evoke Dark descendants This you will revive Damnation, our destiny Darkness never the light shall free Warfare will forever be Brutal tunes, torments sing Weeping angels, smoldering wings Scars innumerous incised Seizing that tear from a sorrowful eye Distorted countenance seen Forking evil, two-pointed tongues Savoring the sweetness of deathly beings Devouring innocent dreams To hell you sanctimonious souls Preposterous apostles of God I'll scorn your relentless death Beings, dirty, despicable Now is the hour you all shall die Your wretched moans shall linger Until the time your blood runs dry In gasping pain you lie Nightmares soon shall fade Soul-betrayed corpse of the Snake Disbursements for boundless power Vacuity, misery, torment, anxiety Angel who walks in the shadow of the shade In peace all shall retire This time those eyes disclose de novo Sharpness of gleaming green Scattering, slicing, swords of ray Suckling blood, slaughtering heat Tempting trap of poisonous fangs Now left everlastingly senseless The damned among the living Till eternity reconciling 光影千年輪替 戰爭永不止息 In the black of night Waves of fury rise as songs of war sound Bloodshed tunes of blood agitate the souls of the undead, The melody of haunting corpses scars through the somber sky Heads of the remnant fall Frost of blood Descend The undercurrent surges and for a thousand miles extend All it devours Into the ocean graves Tranquil is the night Colossal is the ocean Undefiled blood divulges in the boundless constellations Cursed is the snake corpse For a thousand years condemned Agglomeration The war for domain must be waged Atrocious demons wait Somber gales howl Appalling thunders sound to the battleground's pulsation. Green are the eyes of the specter Trenchant are its fangs Iron chains smother the soul until its putrid blood drains Putrid blood shall drain In the dark of night Waves of fury rise as songs as war sound Bloodshed Tunes of blood agitate the souls of the undead The melody of haunting corpses scars through the somber sky heads of the remnant fall Frost of blood descend the undercurrent surges and for a thousand miles extend all it devours Into the ocean grave Blade-Handed Angels Wings and limbs they shred Blood spurts upon the gazes green with flaring anger and killing intent A howl outrageous The arbitrator descends to war drums thunderous arrows shrill through the rolling billiows Upon the ground of risen pennants The death knell is towed A fog of blood is evoked Soleem Slaughtering Bloody war A bloodstainded cavalier towers in the nightly chill Beneath the moonlight and beyond inferno flames Enemies lie ambushed waiting to kill Sinister winds raid as convulsed currents fall Sweeping the shore is the sound of drawing swords Frigid is the blade that strikes Taking the soul Splitting oceans Cracking stones Like the silver that flushes the sky when lightening fall Released from a thousand years of torment The evil adversary descends Shaking the earth Shocking the heavens With an army of smothered souls Compelling sorrow A tear congeals Tranquil is the soul that transfigures to the dream of old With a bewildered eye Reading the story of a thousand years Striding alone in the netherworld Locks of iron strangle the soul Treading upon the beings despicable All creation bathed in blood Unfurling the inferno Beneath the crescent A bleak terror submerge With a lonesome howl of affliction Rotten corpses gather the souls Drinking hatred Nine lifetimes of bloody tears Singing of a death A departure Damnation Cloubs capsized Combat thrashes through the abyss Decapitated heads Bloodstained oceans A thousand years of hatred within a single gaze Ashen hair twirls into locks of chains Blizzard of blood Slaughtered enemies Sacrificed to concillate the souls of our ancestry The pale moon rippled upon the ocean flow A lonesome tear mourns for the ocean funeral 煙雨夜遙 空織紗 以鮮血作嫁 幽獨寰宇 孤聲泣 潸然淚下 終盡 殊絕 赭紅花葬 心凝魂瘁 崩裂 奔流動盪 離析 神傷 破落天壤 羽緞紛飛 綺變幻境 心寄花萎 今世結髮 三千星歲難解 悠長離恨賦新辭 夜飲杯 星斗降 臨虛空幽悽愴 陰風殘雨 落霜寒 凝雪妝 冥寂孤影 黔淚勾紋面 獨行浩漫銀河 形殘身穢沐血澤 破碎闖 夢蛻飄落東方 折琴流水絕弦音 還誰此傷 哀逝長眠 溺川靜默訣別 鬢髮雙斑羽翼斷 魂靈凋謝冥獄墮還 身墜萬丈寒冰 宛若荊棘戮刑 刺骨穿心 慟凝刺骨穿心 魂魄染血幽碧瞳 目空千年界幻滅 原罪我命　鏈鎖原罪終歸我命 夢殲散 異殲散 形敗殘 過落軒以葬 空滅斷 灼身滅斷 墮地怨 魂歸雲深處 負孤傷 星宿亡 喚吾之名 猶催漫天陰風懺響 夜 侵寂月 魂驟滅 喚吾之名 血嫁寰宇祭宿殤 終盡 殊絕 赭紅花葬 幽幽幻世 流離 兩相渺茫 棄世亡 幽暗森林 降雪沐冰 血色之薔薇 呼吸邪惡聲息 罪惡慾望堆積 惡魔如絞首之刑 掐喉窒息 終至死去 喪詞 立於絕望之時 日暮之後 黑暗將至 輕緩揚手雕刻墓誌 靜待氣絕 斷夢心窮棄世 霜雪飄悠 闔起死灰雙眼 幽幽嘆息 臨終絕美之詩 蒼白唇齒 顫抖輕聲悼念祝詞 閉目凝視 閃爍夜星消逝 血紅薔薇 花瓣飄落四散 凝霜凍尖刺 劃破聖潔無知 飛舞漫天 吟唱死亡之頌歌 墮地長眠於此 殘冬霜雪冰釋 毒蛇蟄伏百日 初吐蛇信 碧瞳漸明 血色幽光乍現 甦醒 冷血刺骨 獠牙劇毒 罪貫遠古憶殘 蛇麟幻蛻 潰滅心怵 傳承祖靈智慧 禁果如此甜美 棄絕 蛇骸征戰敗退 受冰封咒詛千年 沈睡 劇毒 親吻血紅薔薇 黔淚染花 腐蝕鮮豔絕美 永恆消逝凋謝 泛漣漪 銀月倒映死湖水面 再臨 百日長眠甦醒 蛇骸之主 重回故土聖地 背負原罪荊棘 喚醒沈睡記憶 殺戮嗜血 征戰宿命 黑暗長髮 餵養憎恨邪極 訂鮮血魂契 惡貫幽冥 千年鏈鎖禁錮 吾族之靈 猶記蛇神旨意 戰爭永不止息 冰雪懺 寒風催薔薇輓 刺霜凍襲 百日蟄伏漸醒憶還 號令吾族眾集 喚醒染血宿命 備征戰再起 殺聲貫天闢地 幻化神敵 率領地獄千軍 嗜血之鐮怒號 誓橫掃日辰月星 喚吾族 宿命荊棘血染 號率眾靈 凝聚再起千年征戰 鐵鎖令 祭末日幽冥 蛇骸無懼 神敵降臨 夜殲行 沐血再臨 殺戮 戰鼓急鳴響聲促 誓死追尋吾族之主 夜殲行 邪毒誅 寰宇浩劫 戮躪殘虐 凶煞惡邪 殲滅 幽冥魔殿 妖炙 焚燃黑焰 陰魂盤旋 掠奪人間 煉獄填 屠戮眾生 踐踏鄙賤至氣絕 翻湧火海現 神敵 掀起宿命之戰 殺氣衝聖界 恨還咒虐恨還滅 滅 玄海延 嘯 洶湧怒濤不絕 殂落冥界 焠鍊血魂牽 獄墮溺邪 劫 化陰孽 悚 體裂靈碎崩解 變幻妖陷 屍首堆聚結 蒼天腥風迴 顫動 身顫動 鏈魂鎖魄陰焰焦灼 變幻妖陷 屍首堆聚結 蒼天腥風迴 血雨墜 骸骨亂葬 巫妖靜穆咒祈 賜傀儡生命 腐朽凋零 劇變襲 屍靈再起 遵奉號令 戰玄天 逆行 毒沫唾液 玷污聖潔純淨 牙爪鋒利 啃食至高真理 盡其荒誕邪淫 貫穿虛無之名 深淵萬丈 末世號角吹響 日月星辰黯淡 宇宙震盪 神敵破魂 搖撼伊甸天堂 引領災難 直至滅亡 聖靈使者捍衛 怒賜疾雷 火焰之劍守護 強禦敗退 榮光照耀 武裝權柄皆歸 萬王之王位 天譴 罪無赦免 天譴炙 烽火延 焚燃日月之蝕 穿刺 怒雷飛矢 屠戮 萬惡交織 戰亂闢燎原 河川赤紅如血 山崩地裂 屍首堆疊 風雲變 暴襲 肆殘虐 血鐮煞奪命催 孤掠殺 狂灼焰 禍殃聖光剿滅 幽冥 妖氣悚 斷翼墮溺邪 魂煉 焦骨炙獄炎 幻化 再臨界 破魂 噬天 翼 蛻羽黑 魂漸醒 聚凝念 神動靈變 翅展光炫 揚 騰躍翔 空明滅 狂風捲 長嘯怒號 漫天飛旋 長恨千年 誓還仇 率軍揚塵 寰宇驟滅 神敵號令 盡其誅殺 末日決戰 滅世破天 戰 箭凝弓弦 齊發萬千 血雨碧落 流向黃泉 振翼罪孽 慟殺天闕 破魂悽怨 永葬寰宇之間 吾族宿命 謹記祖靈遺言 毀滅權柄冠冕 討還咒詛鎖鏈 罪亙遠古 暴屍橫遍 炙邪衝焦土 永火煉獄 屠殺九野 滅魂貫參天 惡催刮骨腥風 血染星辰降 山洪聚殲暴殘響 赤紅日暮揚 怒雷踏碎 混沌震盪 擊山川海嶽 土崩石裂 悲鳴 浪捲海嘯洪水劫 蛇骸毀地滅天 幽冥呈妖祥 末日降臨 眾惡奉行 攻蒼穹逆麟 黑闇襲 吐納死亡聲息 嗅極邪 侵暴行凶虐 陰官咒 神祈祭 貫惡驚心 獻蒼生奠玄冥 殘殺無盡 怵目戮躪 碧海乾涸豐血澤 色映月陰 手握權柄日月星 破碎墜地 跪拜七頭十角之獸 乞求憐憫 征戰聖地 踐踏迫害神之子民 褻瀆聖父聖子聖靈 摧毀虛無三位一體 幽冥國度旗幟揚起 主宰降臨 再創世紀 七宗罪殲滅卑祈 在這裡有智慧，凡有聰明的， 可以算計獸的數目 因為這是人的數目，他的數目是六百六十六。 生命之樹乾枯凋零 善惡果實絕命喚醒 伊甸祭 光影千年輪替 戰爭永不止息 神敵降臨 行末日審判 受烙刑 背負獸之印記 躲藏於敗腐之地 隱含墮落 邪惡交織神啟 從死裡復活 從活裡死去 啃噬祢骨中血肉 獸之名得應許 卑賤貪婪尋永生 信神必得勝？ 毀滅榮耀恩典 領入第七日黑色安息 歡述吟唱讚美詩 黑暗天使 悲述悼念滅世詞 幽冥安息日 神敵滅世 主宰寰宇 三千年統治 蛇骸之咒 蛻破重生 幻滅太陰蝕 鏈鎖魂魄 斷禁回 九命同歸 登基王位  Scared to death at this new dawn You have to endure new pains now Another of your weaknesses to hide Haunting your days, killing your pride Find the force to stand what's around you Face with strength everyday Life's aggressions There is no secret garden to go to Every hour of light is a million redemptions Feel with courage the humiliation Walk straight with an aim to get Open your conscience to your condition And think about happiness you never met And when darkness leaves its den Far from the stench of men Most of your fears disintegrate... But tomorrow is running, running faster than you... At dusk shall start this sensual ceremony Two shapes melt in fast synchronized breaths United by flesh but still quite lonely When blows the old friendly smell of death Pact signed for a short flee to ecstasy Warm embraces and long voluptuous kisses United by flesh in all serenity Hypnotising eyes on their smileless faces For years nature has given birth to millions trees For years rivers has driven their content peacefully Tonight two shapes quietly stand on their knees Ready to a fusion in a wished flesh harmony No need yet to release the lifefull seeds It's time to lose control in absolute euphory Drink at the organic well with lust and greed And drown with thirst in celestial perversity Timeless erotic behaviour teasing The ageless craft of limbs excitation Two shapes melt in synchronized breaths Reaching together the gapes of their little death In warm and wetness lives their passion When every sigh has its own meaning At dawn shall stop this sensual ceremony That moments of grace raised to heavenly Sweat and Semen soiled, Sigh and Semen united... All these years of false smiles All these years of silence Seven years of held back tears... At last, beginning of this end. No more hand, no more arm, no more life. Seven years of false smiles Seven years of forced silence. So, comes this cruel happy moment. No more will, no more arm but still pain. I don't think they know what I did for us I don't think they want to know. I let life abandon Me, I let death enter Me. I can't stay, I have to leave You love me so much to see Me dying. Why am I still there on this bed? Why do I prevent My son from living? Whay can't I stop this suffering... You're wasting by illness, why to live? KEEP DYING, KEEP DYING You won't be happy anymore. No one's forcing you to live... Keep dying Life is useless... Keep dying I don't think they'll understand... One day. Another I is dead Another I is born from somewhere I'm looking for this place where I'd got no face Who am I? Where was I? I woke up in the middle of this land I couldn't feel my hands Behind me, Future disppeared in the fog I casted a glance over this place. It was desolate, gloomy and odourless Through fields, I walked to find a shelter I was half way up of an hil when I looms a river Who am I? Who was I? I'm looking for a place where I recognize myself Another I is dead, Another I is born from somewhere I was looking for this place where I'd got this face Who was he? Was he dead? Suddenly I heard a voice Coming from nowhere Who said "Come, cross the river, you will know who you are" So I crossed, I was fascinated Even the dead are more alive than me I'm no human being. I'm glowing with Lifesickness Becoming a parody of myself I'm turning into Meaningless Slowly, I'm laughing at myself Even your smiles and kisses can't help me Past killed me, Future will raise me from the dead But I don't have present anymore. Why am I like that? Why these sorrows, these tears? These days, I tried, I tried, I tried But life kept me next to her, why? Like a reed, I fold but don't break Since these moments, nothing distresses me. Behind my misanthropic and insensitive wall, My love is a so beautiful corpse. Rain and wind remind me your death But like a reed, I fold but don't break The river that feeds me is only silence and scorn That's why I'm so black... Since these moments nothing distresses me But like a reed, I fold but don't break So nobody cares of... My doubts... My cries... My fears... My pain... My dreams... Me Yet I realize that, like an oak, I'm tough. Infinity lying in its own ethereal beauty Universes defying the passage of time Suns that set with millions years of history Planets and astral dust at the top of their fame Earths welcoming all lowest forms of life Oceans eternally feeding their children with tide Skies contemplating with serenity the crawling down Fire remains the fear of ones to keep its crown Trees teaching the meaning of patience and wisdom Lakes sharing its goodness with the lucky ones Mountains holding the secrets of the beginning Diseases executing the will of nature's kingdom Abysses revealing the depths of their ages Rain falling to wash the soils away Clouds floating in their celestial cages Sparks at the edge of an alternative way. I can feel what you feel and hear all these lies I don't want to live your sufferings... outside Pain, fear and despair don't exist here... inside Your womb, the best place where to grow and die... Why would you love me, why would you cherish me? Why would you give birth to me, to this freak? Your womb as a cage, freedom will be death. I just want to live inside you... forever. In my dreams, you life, that's why I want to give birth to you. You're the jewel of my life. The jewel won't shine anymore, I'm death I don't want to see your smiles and feel your kisses. I just want to die. In my dreams, you're life, that's why I want to give birth to you In my dreams, you're hope, that's why I want to give birth to you. You're the jewel of my life. Que devrais-je attendre, comprendre ou entendre? Dévoilez-moi les mystères de ce monde! Impératrices de mornes paysages, Mère de toute vie, découvrez vos visages! Du voile ténébreux qui enfreint à vos sens Révélez vos desseins, et nourrissez mes absences! Ouvrez mon esprit au savoir absolu, Pansez ma plaie d'innocence et salissez-moi Couvrez mes douleurs et dégagez ma vue Faites de l'ignorance l'ennemie de ma foi! Laissez entrevoir à mes yeux innocents La lumière pure de votre virginité Elle brûle en vos coeurs, elle coule en votre sang Elle m'attire, mais se meurt dans l'obscurité... Dissipez le brouillard qui règne en mon âme Eclaircissez le chemin de ma quintessence Libérez-moi, détruisez ce corps infâme Assassinez ma vie et donnez-lui un sens! Le crépuscule trace par-delà les cieux Les sources vermeilles d'une nuit nouvelle Le silence m'emportant, je rejoins les dieux... ...Eux, qui ont su entendre mon appel... Explore les arcanes de l'éternel savoir Pour que des ténèbres surgisse le pouvoir...  This virtual spring flows freely Through the meanders of the thought The sound of the synthetic drops Gives rhythm to your frivolous existence Interferes with prosperity And rapes your most intimate dreams Clone of the spirit, artificial envelope Will you become the shadow of another one? In this magnetic cathedral Where you need to find a shelter Only these buttons will grant your wishes The directions that come along with them Are a part of the doctrine Here God created material Material has become God Above us Here God created material Material has become God In the rush of modern times, a new divinity Is whispering these words to us "Run, run to the light at the end of the tunnel Don't look back and forget the whole past" Our notion of time is getting sucked up by a black hole Second after second the modern world overwhelms us As if it was guided by a thread We are the marionettes of time It synchronises the acts and gestures Crystallises and breaks our memories In this psychological enslavement Our spiritual quest becomes sterile The light in the eyes of our guardian angel is dying Their colourless stare foretold nothing but Apocalypse In this rush towards the void Can you possibly have a new perspective? Will the revelation come to you Regenerate your brain? Lost in this maze of the soul The light of evil will come to you and guide you So now the equation of our existence is infinite The bodies are getting divided from the spirits The subtraction of the soul to zero Will condemn us to a total annihilation. It speaks and grows within It teaches and gives different views Opening the fields of the mind Training the muscles of the thought Breeding the unborn wise man It burns and screams inside It melts and turns to ashes Closing the doors of knowledge Leaving all hopes behind Climbing the stairs of mediocrity As these ancient yellowed papers perish in flames A lonely old wise man dies and no one cares Helping him would be a criminal act Swarming in new age Getting it wide and loud Blistering flashing picture Hypnotizing howling screen The chat goes on and on Saying nothing but words of emptiness The tube born from the newest technologies Full of sounds and pictures It tells you the latest news But leaves us empty inside Chatter of the tube... Flashing pictures and loud sounds Screaming news through the screens Moving through a crowd of a million souls Walking on each other Recall... the absence Recall... the absence Surviving in a perpetual nightmare Sharing the left space with strangers As angst is the closest word for insanity As a point of view can be a dangerous luxury I can't show my feelings to others How may I share this haunting distress? In my life there's an absence Which no one can ever guess People do exist... but do we really live? Something is definitely missing I guess everyone stands this suffering The world is telling us we're safe and sane I just want to find my own place Raised by a culture spilling into decay I was given birth in all legality I'm another Mr Everywhere I just want someone saying I'm ME Recall... the absence Recall... the absence Feeling no use for thinking A la lumire des usines C'est le dclin qui se dessine Mesure les distances de ces larmes Ces briques, une aprs une, isolent ces tres Mesure la chute de l'Architecte. Dans ce refuge de l'esprit Il compte les heures et dsire partir L'encre de ses veines trace la ligne de fuite Son me se noie dans les calculs L'quation du dsespoir Rsonne entre ces murs froids Mesures-tu leur solitude Dans cette nouvelle perspective Cette camisole de force retient la sombre ville Contenir ces mes conformes Au plan d'alination Et tu dessines une page avec ton sang Evades-toi, esclave du temps De ce ddales de l'esprit Non, vades-toi, esclave du temps De ce ddale de l'esprit A la lumire des usines C'est le dclin qui se dessine Mesure la distance de ces larmes. A new plant takes birth in vitro In this clinic, greenhouse of souls, she gets form You're not the embryo of the Earth neither loves The evolution of the foetus will be strange Symbol of this experimental garden Enter this cold era Where the best can meet the worse Flower from nowhere takes root, manifold of... A frigid present, future in a capsule The laws of nature are changed The limits will be passed This new creature blooms in this icy cradle Manifold A frigid present, future in a capsule The laws of nature are changed The limits will be passed This new creature blooms in this icy cradle This new creature blooms in this icy cradle The limits will be passed The laws of nature are changed A frigid present, future in a capsule. A well traced path A simple and straight way A permanent happiness, a joy of the present Less sorrow, no more sorrow No anger anyway Sadness is a word which has never existed We got Soma... for serene eves We got Soma We got Soma... for serene eves We got Soma Keep staying unworried by such An old thing, enjoy the moment Do not think about anything Do your work with a large smile on your face Go quietly back home and swallow The pills you keep Chemistry has turned you so serene Flawless and positive and exhausted After all they are quite innocent And so are you, free from troubles Your labour is no sacrifice Everyone's role is to achieve his task Your existence has to stay on perfect railway Without clashes and chaos, unforeseen and quiet We have Soma For feeding our lifelong coma 